You've got your basic little mini-mart here--ice, water, ice cream, drinks, snacks, all in a small, manageable store you don't have to walk a mile in to get where you are going.  Just a fast convenient stop, close to my mother's where I was staying.
Friendly service, a full range of Indian spices, frozen foodstuffs, freshwater fish (frozen) and meat (they cut up the meat and fish according to your preference) make this place useful for non vegetarian Indians, considering most of the Indian stores in my area sell only vegetarian stuff. They also sell cooked food like biryani and mutton curry, Just call up and place your order in advance and come down and pick it up.
Gross. I-mart has now expanded to include a restaurant just a few doors down from the market. Wise decision, because the market part smells whack. It is pretty obvious and common knowledge that they cut their meat in the back of the store. I suppose the market and restaurant deserve their own review, but I think its the same rating, I'll just merge them.

The market has your basic Indo-Pak foods. Don't confuse the owner for an Indian or Paki though, he's from Bangladesh. He's an extremely nice guy, but I feel like every since he moved from Tempe, near ASU, his store has just lost substance. If you need to buy substantial amounts of halal meat I suggest you go elsewhere, probably Baiz Market would be a good idea. The meat here is very inconsistent. He's got your basic Shan masala amongst other odd brands. Of course he has asian rice and everything else you'd really expect from this type of store. The mango juices he stocks are weird, but he has some Pakistani soda, Pakola. That's pretty cool.

The restaurant should be avoided. My fellow Indo-Pak friends rave about this place all the time, but I don't think they know any better. I walked in and the owner was taking orders... I was slightly confused and surprised (today was the first time I went to the restaurant). I thought to myself, "Hey man, he's usually at the store cuttin' my meat, what the heck is he doing here?" He must have made the food, because when he disappeared again he didn't reappear until my food was ready. My friends had bought me a tandoori chicken wrap, I'm being very ungrateful, but it was not enjoyable at all. The naan was obviously microwaved a few seconds too long, because by the time I got to it it was like chewing on plastic. Taking bites out my 'wrap' was just painful. I'm sad because the filling was actually pretty good, but how can you overmicrowave naan to that point? It's like overmicrowaving your hotpocket (just follow the damn directions).

The owner clearly wants to retire soon, he first moved from the ASU location to a much smaller store, and now he is barely focusing on the store. To make things worse, he decided to open up a restaurant. If you could compare this place to a legit Indo-pak restaurant, it'd be something like comparing Filiberto's to Chipotle. Everyone likes Chipotle, but only some people can stand Filiberto's.
The meat shop in the back offers some good selections for you. It is very convenient to pick up from their refrigerated section or if you have a special order of halal goat, or cut up chicken etc then you just go in the back and talk to the butcher who quickly prepares it for you. A lot of people also choose to order over the phone and pick it up. 

We were so disappointed over the last few months with Baiz market for their meat selections and offerings(their halal ground beef is just gross, even the extra lean ground beef is awful )  that we finally made the switch to I-Mart after 5 years of exclusively purchasing our meat from Baiz originally. The meat and prices are incomparable to Baiz as I-Mart certainly offers a better selection in meat and their prices are slightly cheaper plus we don't have to deal with any attitude from the butchers like at Baiz. I am glad we finally found this place. They also carry a bunch of Indian and Pakistani spices, indian desserts, whole wheat flour from India etc.
Finding authentic Pakistani food was almost impossible despite a large community and so called Pakistani restaurant called copper kettle. This restaurant serves chicken karahi which is actually tasty. The nans are freshly baked and are a delight. The restaurant itself is about the size of walk in closet and can only seat eight people. I would only recommend it for take out food. The owner is very courteous.
This is a great place, the store is a small unit and not as big as other Indian stores but it serves your purpose. The restaurant is by far the best when it comes to indo-pak/bangaldeshi food. I am an Indian and I have eaten that all my life back home, in east coast and in bay area and this is some quality food. If people don't like the food then they are just not used to the taste but don't blame the authenticity because Imart is very very authentic. I simply love the place, its very cheap compared to some of the places I have been to in US with a greater quality.
Bought expired food, went to return it and the owner said expired food is fine...........hell no
I can't go near central Phoenix without a visit to Baiz Market. They have everything from fresh baked pita bread to string cheese to Middle-Eastern pastries to a full grown grocery and meat section. Their selection includes foods from the Middle-east, Europe, Africa, and Asia. There has yet to be a spice that I have not found there. 

My favorite part is the small cafe with fresh food and loads of garlic. You can watch your food being made and pulled from the hot oven. I've had just about everything  but my top recommendations are: chicken shawarma, falafel, and manaeesh (both the za'atar (thyme) and cheese (jubna) varieties are excellent), I have not tried the meat version.
You can find all sorts of fresh Halal meat and chicken here. The butcher, Hassan is friendly. They prepare everything like you want it. There is also a restaurant up front which only serves halal food called Al-Hana. The beef shawarma is awesome and so is the rotisserie chicken served with a Garlic sauch which is to die for. And of course it is all halal which is great! We used to live in Tucson and we still would come to Baiz market to purchase all our halal meat because they keep it clean unlike the other so called halal meat stores we have visited. The store is pretty big and they carry indian masalas, European cheeses, a variety of spices and canned goods and also some cutlery and pots and stuff to sell. You will also be able to find a hookah here. They have the best and most fresh pita breads too. Plus they have a large variety of fresh vegetables. The prices are very reasonable except for the halal meat and chicken.  Awesome place. Neighborhood is a little shady and you need to know your way around downtown. There are no other shops around this place so when we go here, we just go to this shop and back home.
My ethnic experience isn't rooted in the middle eastern culture, but my fiancee's is, and she goes nuts in here buying some awesome, interesting, and delicious gear like tahini, chick peas, za'atar, feta, etc for making things like hummus, za'atar bread, and the like.  I picked up a half-rack of lamb chops and a side of couscous for prepping ($12) together.  Their butcher is awesome and far different from retail grocery chains in Phoenix.  They have a mountain of hooves, FYI.  

Typically, the prices are inexpensive-to-reasonable, but sometimes the rarer items are a bit elevated in price.  That is totally understandable considering the unavailability of this type of product nearly anywhere else in the valley.  They make you put at least $10 on your debit, so be aware, though they have so much good stuff that this fee is easy to surpass.
This place is FANTASTIC!! Its not only a market, its also a restaurant, their Beef Shawerma is UNBELIEVABLE! and their service is great, If you shopping for mid-eastern arabic food you can find almost anything there, from Tahini to Molokhiya *traditional Egyptian food*

The neighborhood its in is not very good but thats ok!

again TRY THE BEEF SHAWERMA!
Today's lunchtime quest was to check out Baiz Market. The place is like a mirage. It sits on a barren residential stretch of 20th St. near the intersection of the I-10 and the 51. Don't worry about the car; there's abundant parking and little potential for destruction and mayhem.

This is actually a business-within-a-business. The restaurant inside Baiz Market is called Al-Hana, and it's a clean, well-oiled machine. Al-Hana takes up about an eighth of the market's floor space. A young woman was taking orders at the counter and two white-uniformed cooks were models of efficiency. You can see everything being prepared as the aromas of garlic, sumac, and roasting meat fill the air.

I had a small order of hummus and a chicken shawarma sandwich. The hummus was enough for four small people or two large people, and it came with a mountain of freshly house-baked pita triangles. It was delicious, but next time I think I'll ask for a slice of lemon on the side. The chicken shawarma sandwich was a miracle of industrial design. It was a perfectly shaped torpedo: juicy chicken, pickles, onion, and garlic sauce wrapped in a perfectly heated piece of flatbread. Make no mistake -- this thing is easy to eat but it's also impervious to collapse. It's the perfect thing to eat in the car (not that I eat in the car), and at $3.99 it's a bargain. For non-carnivores, the menu has grape leaves, taboulleh, falafel, baba, the famous thyme pie, etc. Did I mention the garlic sauce?

After lunch, I strolled the aisles of the market. Picture the market side of places like Haji Baba or Middle Eastern Bakery and Deli, but about 10 times the floor space. Spices, bagged pitas and chapatis, green and roasted coffee beans, a full produce section... it's like being in a supermarket from a more interesting place .

Definitely check out the glass cases in the back, where the meat guys reign. There are halal meats available and the staff is friendly. Personally, I locked in on the case to the left of the meat counter. Olives. An armada of olives, floating in fragrant oil. Next to the olives, red pepper paste (the ultimate condiment) beckoned. I wanted it all.

Head to Baiz Market / Al-Hana for some fertile crescent-y goodness. One tip: as other Yelpers have mentioned, there's a $10.00 minimum for debit and credit cards.
Kalamata, Feta, Baklava oh my!  

Pita, Hummus, Baba oh my!

Just a few of the items that made their way into our cart as we enjoyed our first shopping trip to Baiz Market.  This place is a great resource for hard to find middle eastern ingredients.  We got a nice block of Feta much cheaper than the grocery, for example.

There were many items I saw that we didn't get this trip - we'll save them for our next excursion.  Like European Style Ovaltine.  What?  European style?  I was a big Ovaltine fan as a kid - just imagine how much more worldly I will be if a drink European Style Ovaltine purchased at a Middle Eastern Market!  Sprechen sie Global Citizen drink mix?

We ate at the little restaurant in the front.  Fabulous!  Four of us shared a plate of baba ganoush, a chicken shawarma wrap, a falafel wrap and of course an order of fries.  The kids insisted they needed the fries because they probably wouldn't like the middle eastern food.  So everything was delicious including the  fries and some serious haggling took place over who got how many bites of the chicken shawarma.  We washed everything down with a pomegranate juice drink, 2 waters and an orange crush.  Perfection!

So glad we stopped here!
Once upon a time... when Cher was still Cheryl... I sat in my auntie's old El Camino happily eating my strawberry shortcake when my auntie stopped at a red light on the corner of 20th street & Van Buren when out of no WHERE a crack head with a gun tried to car jack us. My auntie yelled and threw an half empty bottle of tequila out the window as she sped threw the intersection. This was more than 10 years ago and things haven't improved much since that day in this neighborhood.

When I read about Baiz Market it was from my fellow yelper Jim W. who ranted and raved and even encouraged me to check it out. The other night not having much to do, my friend Ree & I decided to go to Baiz Market which is just north of the intersection where my auntie & I almost got car jacked and check it out. We both have love for middle eastern food and know how to take on scary neighborhoods. 

When we walked up to the counter of the deli inside the quaint grocery store we were excited and a little scared of what to order. The cashier was SO patient and VERY nice about explaining everything to us! I really must give her props on that. There was a cab driver who was very helpful in explaining the different dishes and even recommended a few items. I listened to Tarek S. and chose the beef Shawerma it was delishous! My friend chose the chicken toolawoosh (is that spelled right?) sandwich which was very good with it's bell pepper, pickles and tomato fixins. We also chose to sample the small spinach pies which weren't that good btw and cheese pie which I could make at home with pizza crust & some cheese and the yummy yummy hummus that came with some pita bread. We also got a bottle of water and a can of imported orange soda. ALL this for only $27! Can you believe that?! 

The dining area was nice and quiet with mellow middle eastern music on in the background. Everyone kept to themselves and was nice to us even though we backed up the line. 

After our meal we wandered around the candy aisle in the grocery store and found lil heart shaped boxes of chocolates which - ummm wasn't that great! lol. We wanted to spend a heck of a lot more time going threw every aisle but unfortunatly they were closing so we had to leave. 

We will DEFINATLY be back! And prolly with a few more in tow. And no, no one tried to car jack us on our way out... but we did see a tranny hooker get questioned by the cops. Maybe if she went to Baiz Market for some baklava instead of walking the streets she wouldn't be in that situation! I'm just saying. To my yelpers, I say go! and when you go, order the beef shawerma and avoid the spinach pies! Oh and get there before 4pm so you can have time to really enjoy your meal without the rush!
I've found a new grocery shopping destination...and I think I may be in love. 

Sure, I don't know what half of the items on the shelves are used for, and I don't really care for dates, but there is just so much goodness in between the mystery items that it doesn't matter. I'm hooked. 

The produce is cheap and much better than the comparably cheap Ranch market nearby, and you just can't beat a package of freshly made pita for fifty cents. The spice array is dizzying, and I really want to find out what one does with Pomegranate syrup.  

One distinct advantage Baiz has over other markets is the meat counter. Where else in town can you get fresh lamb and goat? 

Baiz market is so great that it now has a place in regular rotation on our grocery outings. As a bonus, the Al-Hana restaurant inside is a great place to grab a cheap but excellent meal during the trip.
This store is awesome. They have a great selection of Middle Eastern groceries and products, teas, rice, spices, meat, bread, olives, boxed and canned items, juices, sodas, it is an amazing array.
The produce is great, fresh and really inexpensive. There is an on site butcher, something you rarely, if ever, see anymore. There are great deals on fresh, yes fresh, chicken, lamb, goat, beef, fish and more.
The restaurant/bakery has an array of amazing and tasty items like hummus, flat bread pies, shawarma, falafel, amazing pitas, small pies, all fresh, made on the spot for ridiculously low prices. The small pies, similar to a turnover with either meat or vegetables, are less than a dollar each and good enough to eat a dozen!
If you are a fan of Arabic and Middle Eastern food and/or products, this is the place to go. Or, even for the cultural experience, Baiz Market is well worth the trip.
I ventured to Baiz Market with a few of my my friends and boy was it worth the trip!  Al-Hana, the restaurant inside, is the ultimate hole in the wall!  The hummus is so good I could seriously bathe in it.  I had the Chicken Taook which was amazing especially the garlic dip that accompanies it!  I also tried a meat pie for only $.69!  How could I resist?

Because we went on a Tuesday night things were pretty quiet.   We wondered the grocery store after dinner and picked out sweets by the pound when we were done with dinner, this only added to the charm!

I would definitely recommend checking this place out!  Make sure you have time to peruse the store and order the hummus whether you think you like hummus or not!
Baiz Market is a wonderful ethnic experience. I went in for lunch to satisfy my curiosity and was very impressed. The market portion of the store is huge, the produce area was well stocked as were their meats (you can buy an entire goat). I wandered through the isles for quite a while taking in all the exotic spices, they had not only Middle Eastern, but also African and Asian items. There was tons of tikka sauces, red pepper pastes, hummus and baba spreads. The bakery was awesome containing date and fig breads, 50 cent pita packs and little meat pies. They also carried hookahs, tons of shisha and every accessory you can think of to go with them. 

After my shopping was finished I stopped at Al Hana, the little restaurant inside and had the beef schwarma (as recommended in several reviews). I am hoping it was just an off day, because the schwarma was very dry and grizzly and the pita it was served with was hard. I also ordered the baba ganoush and it was pretty tasty. I washed this down with a rose water (actually tastes just like it sounds but super sweet). All in all this was a great experience and I will definitely be back.
Great, authentic middle eastern grocery and super cheap to boot. Don't miss the bakery or the little restaurant. The food is great and you can eat right there. I would recommend the flatbreads. Don't expect anything fancy- very casual atmosphere- but the nice staff and great food will keep you wanting more.
I decided to check this place out a few weeks ago considering I heard so much talk about how this is the mother of all middle eastern markets in phoenix. 
To be quite honest, I had much higher expectations- considering Ive visited middle eastern markets in other large cities across the U.S.
They are stocked up on just about all the middle eastern staples like dried nuts, beans, couscous, pickled lemons and various spices. 
At the mini restaurant in the market I tried the shawarma- the thing is if you cant get a proper shawarma down right then lets not go any further. 
It was okay, nothing spectacular or I'd drive out of my way to eat.
I guess if your in the area and need some middle eastern staples pass by.
Can't wait to go back for more discoveries.

When I was in Jordan last year, I picked up 2 lbs (or whatever their measure) of assorted baklava for $6 and ate it (with a little help) in five days, while losing ten pounds. Got all that? The baklava diet. Gotta love it.

So I went to Baiz hoping for some more amazing baklava. Bought the 1 pound assortment for $16; two weeks later, still some left.  It's delicious, pricier, definitely not dietetic, and not quite the same as Jordanian baklava. Still yummy.

Also had the hummus, baba ghanoush and pita. Loved the hummus and pita (very fresh).
What a great little market! I was excited to finally find a new ethnic shop to use, and man did I hit the jackpot!  The restaurant, Al Hana, is really great as well. They have a great butcher in the back of the store, all the pastries you could ever want and even a huge hookah case, if that's your bag. If your looking for a great ethic shopping experience, this is it!
My husband is the cook and I love when he visits this market. He arrives home with a bag filled with amazing items and money still in the bank! If you are planning on a new meal, you must add this place to you list of errands. Go there during lunch and grab a bite before you shop, mouth watering food!
If you need goat or lamb meat, you can get it here. This wasn't the reason for our trip to Baiz Market this weekend--we went for Al-Hana dining, which was delicious. However, the walk through the grocery portion of this place was great. We picked up some produce and feta cheese [I think they make their own: Confirmed, they make their own!] and overall had a great experience.

I can't wait to go back and take more time to discover some wonderful products and new foods.
Baiz Market is part Middle Eastern market, Lebanese cafe and pita bread factory. We found out about this little Middle-Eastern gem through a friend and headed over there for lunch. 

The cafe serves everything from shawarma to tabouli along with authentic Middle Eastern refreshments. We had the chicken shawarma, tabbouleh and hummus. All were fantastic and reminded me of dinners with our Afghani friends. The The market carries a wide-selection of Middle Eastern and European foods along with fresh meats, vegetables and a bakery.

Baiz is a little off the beaten path, so to speak, but worth the drive to find it and enjoy some wonderful Middle Eastern delights.
I was excited to try this after my friend told me what great reviews it had on yelp.  I was not overly impressed.  The employees were kind and helpful.  I ordered a falafel sandwhich, stuffed grape leaves and babaganouj.  I did not care for the falafel as it had a cinnamon type flavoring in it.  I have eaten lots of falafel and this is the only one I have ever had that I didn't really care for.  The stuffed grape leaves were edible but tasted exactly like the ones I get out of a jar from Trader Joes.  The babaganouj was DELICIOUS though.   If you go I highly recommend you order this eggplant dip.  Yum!
I'm moving in. The end. This is the most authentic shop (of any variety) that I've seen since I moved to Arizona. It reminds me of the mercados I used to hit up in VA in that it has everything, hookahs to religious art, and of course food. 

The bakery was a mystery to me. I pointed at a few things, have since tried two of them, and I have no idea what they are. But I like them. There is a huge section devoted to turkish delights, as I sadly found out after making my purchases. Great cheeses! Massive quantities of dried fruits, nuts, olives and canned meats. 

If you see me brushing my teeth in aisle 4, please don't mess up my cot in aisle 2. Thanks.
Wow!  I only wish there were more convenient locations for a tasty shawarma like this in town.  This place is a diamond in the rough but worth the trip off the beaten path.  Praise God for their tasty shawarma!
First off I cannot comment on the Restaurant, as I only went here to buy grocery's. 

That said I am excited about the products this place carries. First off, the Meat counter had Goat, which makes me very happy. It is rare to find Goat in most places. I really liked their selection of meats. Almost as amazing as Ranch Market.

The Baklava was OMG AMAZING!!!!!! I had to hide it so I would not continue eating! My only complaint was it was kind of pricey, but it is probably best for my diet that it was pricey, ya know what I mean?

They had some interesting produce you don't see most places, although as a whole there produce is limited.

Their selection of spices was vast, they probably have anything you might be looking for. 

Looking forward to go back and try the restaurant...oh and don't forget to pick up some more Baklava.
My daughter found this Phoenix gem. The little restaurant inside has the best falafel, chicken shawarma and hummus in Phoenix. It beat Mazza in Salt Lake, too, according to my daughter, and she said that would never happen. Now I find any and every excuse to stop by for a falafel sandwich. New hope for the global future of Phoenix.
Although I would like to take the credit for finding this awesome little market and restaurant on my own, I can't... Tucked away on a side street just outside of the heart of Downtown Phoenix, Baiz is one of those kinds of places that I just would have never stumbled across in my usual wanderings had I not been clued into its existence by my good friends over at CenPho.com.

With so much awesomeness crammed into such a small place, it's a little hard to decide where to start... Since it is the primary part of Baiz, I guess I'll start with the market... From the first second that I walked into the doors, I was washed over with a feeling that I've missed from my days of living in San Francisco where I would routinely go shopping in a variety of small and authentic ethnic markets. The shelves were fully-stocked with a huge variety of Middle Eastern and Mediterranean products: a multitude of tasty fruit preserves and jams, spices galore, tahini by the jar or bucket (and every size in-between) and even hot ajvar (a condiment that's held a special place in my heart ever since I discovered it in college).

But for me the real shining star of the market was the deli and baked goods section. With a glass case filled with an assortment of different kinds olives and cheeses (some of which I've never heard of before) that includes a variety of fresh feta cheeses, it was like love at first sight. But looking just left of the olives and cheeses made me even happier: stacks of fresh, daily-made pita, rows of baklava (honey-drizzled pastries), slabs of halawa (sesame candy), a bin of turkish delight (jellied fruit squares) and pans of mamoul (fruit-filled cookie bars) all seemed to be calling my name... Must... Resist... Temptation... Onto the restaurant.

So I know it's not exactly the most culinarily-complex dish to choose, but the epitome of good Middle Eastern fare for me is a falafel sandwich. And while it's not quite up to the level of my all-time favorite from Falafel Drive-In in San Jose, CA (pretty close, though), Baiz definitely makes the best falafel sandwich that I've tried so far in the Phoenix area (and I have tried a few). The falafels were flavorful with a great texture (crunchy on the outside yet tender on the inside) and served with lettuce, turnips, tomatoes and tahini inside a fresh pita (I like to add in some hot sauce as well)... A quick side note: you'll be hard-pressed to find a better deal for lunch in the Downtown Phoenix area ($3 for a wonderfully tasty and filling meal).

Although I haven't yet had the opportunity to try too many of the other dishes that the restaurant has to offer (dolmades, hummus, savory pies, etc.) due to the fact that I'm usually too full after the sandwich, I have tried the baba ghannouj, spinach pie and cheese pie. The baba ghannouj has a wonderful smokey flavor and great taste without being overly-infused with garlic. The "small" plate was definitely big enough for 2-3 people to share. The spinach and cheese pies were also great. Made fresh there at the restaurant, all their savory pies are handmade.

So if you're ever in need of some tasty Middle Eastern/Mediterranean  ingredients or feel like chomping down on an awesome falafel sandwich, check out Baiz in Phoenix. I think you'll be happy you did.
Found this place thanks to yelp. I was excited to try my new hole-in-the-wall finding especially given all the great reviews. I was hoping to be amazed and wowed, but.... alas.... I really wasn't. 
This review is based solely on the meal itself. Serving size was very generous, but flavor was missing from the chicken. The garlic sauce stuff is amazing though, I will give them that. I'm not quite sure what was missing, but something was. Don't get me wrong, I'd go again if in the area, I just didn't think it was super super awesome. 
Just as an FYI, the restaurant is within the store itself, which is found in a fairly ghetto part of town. Didn't bother me a bit, but you never know who's out there reading these things.
I wanted to love this place but I'm going to have to give it three stars only. 

The market itself is superb, with pretty much every possible ingredient, an outstanding butchery selling every part of the lamb (and whole lambs), industrial sized blocks of feta cheese, etc.

The restaurant is a small kitchen area with maybe ten tables.  The staff is very friendly and accommodating, but frankly, the food we had was good but not great.  The hummus in particular was not garlicky at all. The roasted chicken was a bit dry and the fattoush was, well, to me at least, it was a nice kind of sweet salad, not a proper fattoush.  It was basically lettuce with a bit of tomato and olive.  No cucumbers and no dried pita bread, which is kind of odd since they have a fabulous bakery and the bread was the highlight of the meal.

We bought extra bread to go and I'd go just for that.  But as far as the food, I'd go in the neighborhood but it's not quite the mecca of mezzes that I was hoping for.  

And if you want to buy a whole lamb, this is the place.
Baiz Market makes me happy to be alive. Seriously.

Great Middle Eastern grocery items, a full selection of great mediterranean drinks, and an awesome restaurant  to boot (See Al-Hana under Restaurants).

I believe this is the only place in town where you can find a full wall of Hookahs for sale in an abandoned videogame case. Seriously.

If there is some rare European or Mediterranean candy, snack, or confection that you haven't been able to find elsewhere, odds are you will find it here.  Oh, and you can buy a whole goat if you're into that kinda thing. yeah, just check out the goat-sized cooler by the produce section.
I grew up in the Middle East and I have been searching for a tasty shawarma ever since I left.  Finally, I found one at Baiz. I've had both the chicken and falafel shawarmas and they are sooooo good! They are pretty close to the ones I had overseas, but they could be perfect if they put pickles and french fries inside - - Yum! I've also had the zatar (delicious) and the cheese bread (ok, but not like I remember). The baklava, however, is a whole different story - it's absolutely delicious! I could eat their baklava all day long!

It's really fun to walk around the grocery store while you wait for your food. For me, it's like a trip down memory lane. It's nice to know that when I'm feeling a bit homesick, I can always go to Baiz and reminisce :)

So, if you want a great lunch...head here and order a shawarma, zatar and vimto with a couple of pieces of baklava for dessert. You won't be disappointed. 

P.S. They have great prices on hookahs here, too :)
This review has been waiting and waiting for me to get it out there, so here goes...

Baiz market reminds me of Chicago. There are so many great Middle Eastern markets back there that I felt spoiled when I came to Phoenix and didn't know of many. If you think of Lee Lee as the goto spot for all of your Asian cooking needs, then Baiz is the place to go to for all of your Middle Eastern cooking needs. And, with Al Hana (check out my review for that too) right inside to satiate your hunger, Baiz is numero uno in my book! 

This place is fantastic, the food is fantastic, the prices are fantastic and being able to grab all the ingredients I need to make homemade baba ganoush while snacking on an amazing kufta sandwich, is pretty okay too! =)
I wish I was a good enough cook to be able to put all the exotic ingredients this place stocks to good use.   But even for an amatuer like myself, this place is well-worth a visit.  For under $10, I got: 1. dried apricots, 2. dried papaya, 3. baby carrots, 4. small deli container of delish green olives, 5. fresh ginger, 6. a bag of dried garbanzo beans.   Then I went to the restaurant and for another $3, I got a nice sized to-go portion of awesome hummus, which came with two big, fresh pitas.  Yumzo.  

Not the most foreign selection on my part, but with prices like that, I will be a little more adventourous next visit.
Baiz Market is a "Mediterranean" type restaurant, or "Arabic" type food. Well, you could get confused and call it that. The fact of the matter is though, that this place has a very unique touch. This restaurant is a staple not only for groceries, but also its food. The owner is persian, so you can tell where the tastes are coming from. Its somewhat hidden in the heart of Phoenix, but that's ok, once you are there you will be glad you found it.

This place is unique because they make their own bread! Are you kidding me? I only recently found out about this place like 3 years ago, and I've been living in Phoenix for 20 years. The chicken and beef shawarma have a special, authentic taste because of the fresh bread. One of the best parts about the shawarma is not only its amazing taste, but the pricing is very fair as well. I don't think I can stress this enough, but the fresh bread just sets this place apart from all the impostors in the Phoenix metro area. Why haven't the other restaurants caught on? I know of maybe one persian restaurant that makes their own bread, but their pricing makes them a different story (I'm talking about 'The Persian Room' in Scottsdale).

I just don't understand how other restaurants can serve the bread that comes in plastic bags from a manufacturer hundreds of miles away. 'Good bread' and 'Arabic bread' are all good forms of pita that have great shelf life due to the ridiculous amounts of preservatives, but they just don't taste fresh.

If you like the bread, head to the back of the store and there is a shelf of freshly baked pita bread, its baked throughout the day, I think. I can tell because sometimes my bread is still warm and the bag has a little condensation. Beware though, the bread gets hard and crunchy after a few days, so you really need to use it quickly. This isn't bad, its just I think they choose not to add preservatives to ensure the freshness of the pita.

I usually just get the chicken or beef shawarma, but I decided I'd get a kabob plate one day because I also wanted hummus. The beef kabob plate came with hummus, bread, 2 skewers of beef kabob, and some pickles and onions. Wow. The beef kabobs were cooked perfectly, and were EXTREMELY tender. It was a tad bit on the lemony side, but I suppose that was necessary to make it so tender. Perhaps some of the best 'persian kabobs' I have ever had. The hummus was definitely good as well, I can't stand restaurants that crack open a can of premade hummus. This restaurant certainly did not disappoint with the hummus.

I know friends in Tucson that make stops specifically at this place for shawarma, and rightly so. If you're weary of persian food, just check this place out. Its not expensive at all, food for two is like $15. The wide variety of ethnic foods is also interesting.
This market has the BEST lamb anywhere I have found in the Phoenix area and the prices are extremely good. I love the meat department here and would recommend it to anyone looking for the best quality meat at the best prices.
Yet another Central PHX gem that I have heard sooo much about and had yet to stop in at until this past Sunday afternoon.  So many of my Middle Eastern favorites.  But I came to find that you have to come early for lamb and goat as the selection becomes limited.   I loved the variety of cheeses and plain yoguart. The fresh breads and sweets lured my carb loving self to pick up some wonderful fresh goodies.  
The menu at Al Hana looked very tasty but I didn't have the time to stop in for a bite.   
My sweet tooth has assured me I will be back sooner than I expect, I am sure.
A very well hidden gem!  It was a chore to find this place (coming from the SR51), but once we did, we were happy to have found it!.  

This place is hidden in the Ghetto, but the food is excellent!  My wife said that it was the best falafel she had had in a VERY long time.  The hummus was fresh and tasty.  The steak "sandwich" (which was a wrap)

The pita bread was awesome...  They have a meat and pastry counter in the back of the store...the baklava was soooo yummy!

...oh and the portions are LARGE!!


4.5 stars!   -0.5 because of the location :P
Came here with friends for some Shawarma. Really good and affordable. The three of us each got one plus some other goods from the deli case all for less than $20.

They have a seating area or you can take your food to go. Full market of international groceries which seem very reasonably priced. Lots of hard to find items can be found here.
We no longer buy our meat from this place because the quality of service and product has been going down and down over the last year or so. After having to throw away the ground beef for the second time, we finally made the switch to I-Mart for all our meat related purchases. When we would ask for extra lean ground beef, we would have to pay an astronomically high price AND it was still not extra lean. It was full of fat and seems like they were mixing in lamb with it too because it stank like hell. 

I was getting tired of being badly treated by the butchers who conveniently went deaf when we would ask for something (not in Arabic) but would be completely on their toes helping whoever spoke in Arabic exclusively with them. One time when I asked for a woman to repeat herself behind the counter, she literally stared and me for a few seconds and moved over and started helping someone else. I guess we are not good enough for them to help over there. 

We still like the Al-Hana restaurant and they do offer some good spices that we will go in and purchase but we will no longer be using their meat counter.
Don't let the slightly sketchy neighborhood put you off.  Baiz market has some of the best food in town.  The small deli (cafe?  Not sure what to call it) located in the market has all of the staples such as shwarma and falafel.  the prices are cheap, The service is snappy and friendly, and the food is exceptional, especially considering the price.  Wash down your meal with any one of many exotic drinks (or, just choose a diet coke) in the beverage cooler.  Even if you've stuffed yourself silly, wander on back to the bakery.  The assortment of traditional Middle Eastern sweets can't be matched anywhere in town.  Come early and wander around in the market to pick up your selection of hard to find ingredients.
Market = Five stars - they have EVERYTHING - including full size doner/kebab roasting machines, which is awesome.   
Restaurant = Two stars.  I wasn't terribly impressed.  The seating area is gross, they were out of a few options we wanted to try, and the sandwiches we ordered were kind of bland.  Really cheap, though!
A friend and I split a beef shawarma, a chicken shawarma, and a couple of different types of baklavas. And a meat pie.  So we had a total of 7 items and it cost $16. Nice! My favorite was the chicken shawarma, marinated chicken and some veggies with a garlic spread wrapped in a pita which is baked on-premises. The baklava-type desserts consisted of flaky pastry with a custard-type of filling. Forgive me for not knowing the exact names of the ingredients as I know very little about the ins and outs of Middle Eastern food other than putting it IN my mouth! Some of the crusts could be a little oily around the edges. Only enough of a deterrent to remind me not to eat these every day! 

Service is fast and friendly; I will definetly return!
The store market seems like a great market that I'll need to check out at another time. But for my first visit to Baiz Market, I just went to the food counter to order some food.

I could comment on the mediocre service, but I really didn't care. I had a chicken shwarma sandwich and a small side of tabouli - which became a large when I realized that I needed to spend more than 10 bucks to use my debit card...I hate it when that happens. The sandwich was plain - a lot of meat, little of anything else. I know that the chicken should be the main player of the sandwich, but I like having enough of the other things as well. The tabouli was also good, but tasted like it was missing something...what, I don't know, but  I've had better.

All in all, I prefer other middle eastern restaurants in the valley, and so I'm not sure if I would choose here again for dinner.
Love this place.  I can walk the aisles for a long time just looking at all the goods.  They have groceries as well as kitchen supplies.  Everything is priced very reasonably, and the prices on some of their bulk products can't be beat.  The restaurant has cheap and yummy falafel pitas (pickled beets, yay!!) and super yummy spinach pies.  Oder them.  You shall not be disappointed.
The prices are super cheap, buy your spices here. Also, the restaurant is amazing. The beef shawerma sandwich with a yogurt drink is incredible. If you get fries, get the garlic butter dip.
This place is fantastic - full service grocery of Persian/Mediteranean products, delicious food ready-to-eat at the cafe.  Why pay more to go anywhere else?  Baiz has what you need!  Pita, Hummus, Baklava, Falafel, tahini, mmmmm.....
This grocery store/ restaurant has a really good shawrma. The other items on the menu are also good, like the Med. pizza and the small stuffed pastries. 

The store also has a vast array of Arabic bread and naan. 

ENJOY!
The baklava here is the best outside of the Middle East
What a GREAT place to pick up some snacks or lunch on the way into or out of the airport. We flew in and out of Phoenix on either end of a car trip. We found this place on Yelp on the way into town, and stopped there again on the way back out because we loved it so much. It's 5-10 minutes from the airport by car. We especially loved the meat pies, the grape leaves, and the spinach pastries. Don't forget to get a tray of baklava from the sweets counter in the back - they were the perfect snack for a road-tripping family.

NOTE: the service is pretty slow. Try calling in your order 10-15 minutes before you get there. You might still have to wait in a line at the sandwich counter, but at least it'll save you a few minutes.
We were in the neighborhood and my coworker suggested we stop here for lunch.  I spent a lot of time in the Middle-East, so my expectation is high, and I have to say the food is fantastic!  I had a chicken schwarna and it was hot and good and quick and as good as any I had overseas.  I will go back any time!
Hummus, pita, dates, and Vimto!  Such a great place to add some variety in your grocery shopping.  Baiz really caters to the local neighborhood and provides great deals for fruit, veggies, spices, and pita!  Can you beat $.50 cent pita bread baked fresh daily?!

There is also a tasty restaurant to pick up shawarma, falafel, and all honey pistachio treats.

If you've ever been to the middle east....this will whisk you back to fond memories.
One of the best middle eastern market that I've ever been in. It's set up partly as a supermarket/grocery, halal meat/butcher, bread/pastry & prepared food eat in or take-out. Very good selection of middle eastern groceries, fresh pita bread & pastries and decent take out/cafe, especially the spinach pies! Also it's so convenient to the 51 freeway. Every time I'm in the area I stop in. By the way I've never had a problem with the service there, everyone seems to be rather cheerful & helpful.
The baba ganuj ("vinete" if you're Romanian) is good. Had a shawarma and enjoyed it. Plus, you can roam around the market and get yourself some European or Asian chocolate or candy.
This place ROX.  Cheap store-made Pita bread, and the cashiers are VERY CUTE.

Excellent for this type of food.
Baiz is a great place for your Middle Eastern grocery shopping needs.  They are stocked with items such as imported mango juice, fresh pitas, a variety of feta cheese, yogurts and kefir cheese, frozen parathas, etc.  In other words, if you need some Middle Eastern grocery items, you will probably find them here.

The prices are mostly reasonable and the place isn't the cleanest.  But, I still recommend Baiz as a top Middle Eastern grocery market in Phoenix.
Now I know how non-Asians feel inside Lee Lee's...and the best part?  They sold me pure fat for 0.99cents a lb (best to call ahead, though I caught them in the middle of a butchering and they happen to have a slab handy to chop for me immediately), which is wonderful for adding into your own homemade sausages.  I used to purchase the fat pre-pckgd at Lee Lee's but could no longer find it in the past year, so I am glad to have discovered this place!
I Loved this place! I can't say enough great things. The owners are the nicest people ever. The food..... To die for!! Prices are great and everything is fresh. I would eat here everyday. 

Lori P
Moderately good food. Less than I expected. Cash needed
In a town with arguably dozens of grocery options, Baiz is a unpolished gem. It's on an unassuming sidestreet and the exterior is a typical desert drab, but inside you will find high quality and very reasonably priced international groceries. Greek, Middle Eastern, Ethiopian, Indian and more. Most of the brands aren't immediately recognizable by Americans but that shouldn't be a deal-breaker. We're talking 99 cent hummus, 99 cent fresh baked pita,  condiments of every type and price, and great options for coffee and tea drinkers. This store is very awesome, and I would actually prefer to give this small business my bucks over national chain grocers. 

They also sell hookahs. Just saying.
I want to start saying that I'm new to Phoenix and I searched online and I decide to visit this place and my remarks about this place as the following: 
Restaurant: I have tried both beef and chicken shawarma; i didn't like the taste of their chicken shawarma so I wanted to try their beef shawarma; this is what I have to tell about their beef shawarma; 
They use the cheapest quality! Why??? Okay, here is why, I don't know if other people experience that, there is a lot of intramuscular fat in the meat which indicate that the animal stopped growing and they are putting way more fat in their body than what they need to. The more fat is collected in the muscle is going to be harder to trim, therefore the price of that meat is going to be cheaper because of the excess fat in the muscle tissues. This was the reason why I stopped buying that sandwich.
Fantastic!  I went to three different markets before I found what I was looking for at Baiz.  Very nice produce, good selection of spices and canned foods.
I've always been a fan of ethnic grocery stores, and now I have a new favorite!

I stopped in today for the first time, just on a whim.  After wandering around the store and picking up a few interesting items, I decided to get lunch from their cafe.  I had a spicy meat pie and a lamb kebab wrap, and they were both phenomenal - I fear the meat pie may become a new addiction for me.

I had a few random questions about some products I was unfamiliar with, and everyone was polite and courteous, definitely a refreshing change from some of the other places I've shopped.  

The only challenge with the entire excursion was parking - they've got a very compact lot (and they're popular), so it was a challenge finding a spot that my truck could fit in.  On the upside, there's lots of streetside parking available.

Baiz Market, I'm glad to add you to my list of regularly-scheduled ethnic food destinations!
I recently bought chicken from the restaurant for takeout and to my surprise when i opened it at home it was dry like a rock, filled with olive oil as if they are passing it as fresh chicken, we threw it away,  even my dog wouldn't eat it.  They were selling it as a whole chicken, cut up and I kind of suspected something when I noticed the cook was picking the chicken from some covered place and didn't see a whole chicken cut up in front of me!

Left over chicken from the day before should never be sold to customers and pass it as fresh chicken, they should be glad I didn't drive back and throw the chicken in their face. I would never buy there again and I hope the health department looks into their practice. If you don't have fresh chicken to sell customers, just say that! Don't sell me something old, you won't feed to your own family, you just lost a long time customer!
One of the best middle-eastern markets around town second to Haji-baba.
Grab some grub before you shop, the restaurant inside Baiz is great, I reccomend the schwarma wraps and falafel. I love this market, the people are nice and sometimes you can find neat stuff for super cheap. "Yes sweetie I do need this banana slicer, you expect me to slice my own bananas? and it comes with an apple slicer, not JUST a banana slicer".
For the price, all of the following is true: Awesome butcher, awesome produce, awesome restaurant. Good selection of Middle Eastern and Mediterranean foods that you might have trouble finding elsewhere (ex. soujouk).  Recommended.
I adore this locally owned market tucked away on 20th street in central phoenix.  Clean and well organized, from the parking lot all the way through.  Mighty diverse  for its size, with its own bakery, butcher and a little cafe (where you can find the fresh hummus, pies, pita bread, kabob and gyros platters large enough to share..  International flavors with an emphasis on middle eastern.  Flatbreads, cheeses, baklava.  Their produce section is a little weaker but perfectly serviceable if you get a little picky.  I wish they had something besides shamrock brand milk (they do have a ton of yogurt drinks which maybe you are supposed to use the same way as milk - anybody know?). Here is the best part.  We went for lunch and the entire bakery aisle was full + there were about 50 whole chickens in the butcher case.  I returned the same night after 6 pm to do grocery shopping and found about 10 packages of flatbread remaining, with a sign directing customers to the freezer section.  Over on the butcher side the 50 chickens were completely GONE and the butcher was busy cutting more.  No doubt I got a fresh one and it is encouraging to see them doing such a brisk business.  Planning to make this my summer go to grocery store to keep my dollars local!  Sure they are missing some of the traditional grocery store staples but it will be fun to invent new dishes with what is here.  A perfect place to shop on your staycation and make ethnic food 'as if' you were there!

Ps the parking lot has these faux log tree posts that made me smile and wonder what the heck this building used to be....some kind of western saloon or?  Reminded me of something you might see at the old knotts berry farm back in the days before roller coasters, when they were known for fried chicken, jam, burro rides and panning for gold.  If I see a burro tied to one of these hitchin' posts someday I wouldn't  bat an eye.
I love this market for Middle Eastern/Indian food supplies. Pickled turnips, cheap phyllo, spices galore! I'm in heaven. The pastries and pita for sale are equally delicious. I've yet to try the butcher, but will be back soon to hopefully get some high quality halal meat. The best part thus far--eating at the restaurant inside the grocery.

If there was a 4.5, they'd win it...simple cafe inside Baiz Market. I ordered entirely too much food to-go and was not disappointed by the price or taste!! Large hummus, baba ghanoush, tabouli (entire package of house-made pita included) + falafel wrap and shawarma wrap = about $30 and is enough food to eat as leftovers for days. 

Best of the best was the baba ghanoush. You can really taste the roasted/charred quality of the eggplant and it is balanced perfectly with the tahini. I love the slight chunkiness of the puree that really highlights and respects the ingredients. (Grade: A+++)

The falafel sandwich/wrap was also AMAZING! Great balance of pickles, tomatoes, tahini, etc. Cheaper than the other wraps (though all are super cheap given the quality ingredients, this is about $4) and the staff favorite. (Grade: A)

I asked the gal taking my order what her next fav wrap and followed her suggestion of the chicken shawarma. This was certainly good, but I'll definitely stick with the falafel. (Grade: B+) 

Tabouli was also spectacular! I would have preferred a bit more lemon, but was pleasantly surprised that they didn't overload it with bulgar (huge pet peeve of mine). (Grade: A) 

Lastly, the hummus is flavored more strongly with tahini than other hummus I've tried from M.E. restaurants, but texture is fantastic and I'm a fan! I'd say it's a standard hummus that won't blow your socks off, but is still certainly delicious. If you are new to hummus, this is the perfect intro. (Grade: A-)

All and all, everything was well worth the trip, money and calories. The large sides fill up an entire full-size to-go box.  I will be back for sure!!
8 different kinds of olives prices range from $2.69-4.99/lb, great deal because they are $8.99/lb in the regular grocery store.
Pair them up with fresh feta and pita and you're set.
Great place. You definitely aren't going to find this place casually driving around town.   If your looking for ambiance this isn't your spot. If you want unique, great food, then this is your place.  You will leave full and feel like you learned a bit about different cultures.
While the restaurant inside this store is nothing particularly exciting to rave about (see my review), the store itself is the real gem.  

Compared to Haji Baba --- in my mind, the only real compeititor in the Valley --- which has a small, but very good selection of Middle Eastern and other "affiliated" foods, Baiz Market is much larger and has much more to choose from.  They have a variety of cheeses and lebni (labna) in the dairy area that is unmatched.  They also have a good selection of frozen lamb, whitefish and other goods, which are uncommon and very difficult to find in the Valley.  Finally, we bought a medium tray of mixed baklava to compare to Haji Baba's offering and they're quite superior.  I have no doubt, that, although not in a good neighborhood and very "industrial" looking, this grocery store is THE place to go for all kinds of Middle Eastern products.

It also doesn't hurt, that it's located in central Phoenix.  For those of us who live in the West Valley, that's a significantly shorter drive than trekking all the way to Tempe.
Outstanding market! Clean, organized, and a great selection of well-priced staples, produce, cheese, and meats. The lamb chops were half of what they are at Sprouts. Ditto for the feta cheese. The pastries looked heavenly, however I mustered up the strength to pass on them. I haven't tried to deli, but look forward to doing so soon.
Great place to shop at when you're needing ingredients to make some homemade Middle Eastern food. They have several choices and brands of everything you could desire. Just pick out some tasty recipes at home and bring in your shopping list.

Normally get the ingredients to make fresh Tzatziki, Hummus, and some Beef and Lamb Gyros or Kabobs. Last time picked up some Jordanian Green Zaatar. Saw them make it on a DDD show. Just mix it with some olive oil and add a little chopped onion and tomato. Really good on freshly toasted pitas or even English muffins.

My favorite here is the amazing butcher section with all the different cuts of the lamb. Hearts, livers, kidneys, tongue, rocky mountain parts, and even the head. The Chicken case also looked nice and got my attention.

Nice Pita Bread selection and then some. Had to pick up a few extras to put in my freezer. You can even use these to make personal size pizzas by adding a little sauce and some cheese. Cool project for the kids when they are needing a treat.

Looking forward to trying their restaurant on my next visit. It always smells good and is packed with hungry people. Had several Yelp friends recommend it. Hi Guys!

Kinda tucked away in a small neighborhood off the freeway. Place gets really busy and parking can be tricky. This place is like a top secret OASIS in the Desert. TOUCHDOWN!

4 STARS
Al Hana, their restaurant inside of the grocery store is a total 5 stars!  This review is for the Baiz Market, the grocery store.  For us, this is a great "go to" place for some key items we need from time to time that our local grocer doesn't carry and/or they offer a better quality.  

Some of the items we shop for while at the Baiz Market; 
~the BEST place in town to get your pita bread!  Both white and wheat and in different sizes.  
~they have a fantastic selection of middle eastern spices especially curries.  
~they have some great butchers that will chop, slice and dice every part of a lamb, cow or goat.  
~they butcher fresh ground to 30/70, 20/80 and 10/90 
~a great selection of nuts, sesame seed and olive oils, curries
~some great pastries 

Sometimes they have seasonal produce you may not find at your local grocer but you have to search for it.  Their produce is not one of their qualities.  

It's a great place to pick up some groceries and have a bite to eat!  Maybe I'll see you there.
First Visit Expierienc

4 star on variety of items on the shelves

1 star on the beef shwarma in the restaurant-chewy, fatty, dry, tasteless little scorched pieces of meat on top of rice--Enough said!!

Go shopping but skip the restaurant.
The neighborhood may be rough, but the market is really a hidden gem.  This is the Middle Eastern market you need to go to in Phoenix.  They actually have injera on sale regularly!!!

The shish taook was wonderful.  My wife and I enjoyed the sandwiches.  If you can get over the neighborhood, it is a wonderful place.  The surrounding neighborhood appears rough.
Great place to find eastern Mediterranean and Middle East groceries. Love the cheeses, fruits and vegetables, meats and bakery. My favorite thing to do is order food from Al-Hana when I arrive (middle eastern cafe on site) and my take out is ready when I am ready to check out. I love the multicultural environment, people from the Caribbean, Muslims, Christians, Hindus...
I can't believe I've been shopping here this entire century and haven't written a review - well timed at least - this is my 100th.

First and foremost - they make their own yogurt and labneh. Secondly, the spinach and herb mixture in their spinach pies is the best this side of lower Atlantic Avenue in Brooklyn. Now that I think of it, several brands in here I haven't seen since Brooklyn.

Their fresh produce section is big, varied, and fresh. They butcher their own meat.  They have an excellent selection of honeys, herbs, spices, olives and flat breads. 

Best of all, on many Saturdays, I find I'm the only native English speaker in the place.
I love shopping at specialty markets like Baiz Market.  My quest was for merguez sausages which they sadly did not have, but I found a number of other unusual items for my cupboard whilst browsing here.  They have harissa (Tunisian red pepper condiment), very affordable fresh lamb meat, and super low priced fresh pita bread (79 cents a package... ridiculously cheap)!

I also picked up some other items I was thrilled to find.  I bought Tamarind Syrup, which I intend to use in some Tiki cocktail creation (the Monkeypod, if memory serves). I also grabbed some canned hummus and canned baba ghannoush.  If these taste comparable to fresh, I may keep it stocked in my pantry at all times (to impress unexpected guests)!  I noted that they have ground lamb and beef kababs in the freezer section that I have to try.  I have fond childhood memories of an Egyptian friend bringing these to family barbecues, and have not been able to duplicate them since.

I couldn't complete my shopping experience here without sampling something at the in-store snack bar (Al Hana).  I ordered a Chicken Schwarma sandwich (wrap) to go and was an instant fan.  I enjoyed it at home with my own bottle of sriracha at the ready.  This is a bit different from other Chicken Schwarmas I've had for one notable reason... the inclusion of pickles.  I think it was pickled okra actually, but for sure, the entire wrap was delectable.

I'm coming back to Baiz Market for all of the goodies I spotted and for others I have yet to discover!
Been here a bunch of times. Great food and inexpensive. Everything is good, but chicken shwarma and falafel are my favorite.
Good quality halal meat which is hard to find. Also good freshly baked sweets.
I jus t went to the store it was iust ok. It didn't really cater to the food we wanted which was African food it was mostly Middle Eastern and I saw Greek accompaniments. They had no fresh hot peppers like habenero or plantains so we headed to Rancho Market which had lots of fresh ingredients. 

We did purchase goat meat. Make sure you "pull" a number otherwise you will be standing around like I was looking crazy.
Good food. Tried the lamb kabob plate and the roasted chicken. Both were good. The meat was tender on the chicken and the kabob had good flavor. Environment is good it's a mix of restaurant and grocery store.
This is the best place to find large, gooey, fresh dates! It is hard to get out of the door without a spinach pie or baklava.
Love this place. I discovered it a couple of years ago and go there fairly regularly now. Great prices on produce. Lots of specialty items that are difficult to find elsewhere.
The restaurant is excellent. We fell in love with their chicken shawarma sandwiches and get them all the time. The pastries are fantastic too.
The best and most authentic shwarmas I have eaten in North America.  The menu is an assortment of the finest Arabic dishes and you can wash it down with some cold Vimto. The last time I tried Vimto was sometime in the mid 90s so, I was elated to say the least.  Phoenicia has a very popular buffet though unfortunately, I have not had the opportunity to try it as of yet.  I highly recommend this place for the food and the interior decor is not bad either, with a very gratifying full wall painting of the Mediterranean.
08/13/07 UPDATE:
They have the best, most crisp, french fries around.  And you can now watch music videos on their big plasma screen, from the Arabia channel.
===========================================

Opa!  I'm speaking Greek, right?

I write this review as a Caucasian male whose only familiarity with Mediterranean cuisine was when I ingested a leaf while eating grapes.  Turns out the leaf ended up being from a tomato vine.  I'm still wondering how that wilted foliage found its way into my cluster of concords.

Back to Phoenicia.  My first time there, I orderd the safest thing I could find... gyro and fries.  Roasted lamb and cucumber yogurt sauce.  It was like my mouth was having a party, and everyone was invited.  But wait, it gets better.

I see they have babaganoosh, and momentarily, I flash back to the Wedding Crashers movie.  Great, now I have to order it... and I'm glad I did.  Its just eggplant, people.

On subsequent visits, I ordered the chicken shawarma and kabobs, cilantro jalapeo hummus, tatziki.  Fantastic.  There is also a great place in Tempe called Haji-Baba.

Phoenicia also has a huge mural on the wall, of a Greek coastal setting, which you can stare at while you fill up.  For some reason, I keep reminding myself to wait an hour before going into the water.

This place is a real treat.  And their treats (desserts) and great too.  I'll take the pistachio baklava.

-Swoop
I hope more people are frequenting this place since I was last there.  It's tucked away in a strip plaza (shockingly)!  The interior is cutesy and bright while upbeat music is playing.  They have a small outdoor seating area and some booths and tables inside.  The food is cooked fresh for you (so there will be a short wait).  It is set up like Sauce where you order at the cashier area and they bring the food to you.  I simply love their gyros!  It's relatively quick but always fresh and inexpensive!
Excellent food at a great price.

I had the pleasure of going during their Sunday buffet.  What a treat.  $8.99 for all you can eat Gyros, rice, chicken, meatballs, hummus, fruit, lentil soup, stuffed grape leaves, pita, etc., etc..... the food was all very fresh and wonderfully seasoned.  

The staff was knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful.

Their food is all home made and you can tell by the excellent taste.  Their lemon aid is fantastic, I highly recommend it.
I've been here numerous times for their Sunday buffet. It is so tasty! Everything from pitas, rice, hummus, chicken, gyro meat, salad, lentil soup, tabouli, kalmata olives, and various other rotating dishes are all so good. The regular stuff on the menu seems a little pricey but the buffet is always priced right and very, very good!

The service is great. The cute woman working the weekends is talkative and funny. All of the staff make you feel right at home while you're eating. Their garlic sauce is crazy good, I highly recommend asking for that! They'll get you some from the back because they don't put it on the buffet line. That with the chicken?! Oh my gosh. Yum.
Stopped in for lunch and ordered the chicken shwarma plate for only 5 dollars and some change. The chicken was great , not dry at all. The hummus and garlic sauce was really good too. I actually ended up buying some hummus and pitas to take home. The staff told me they have an all you can eat lunch buffet  Friday-Sunday for $8.99. I will be back to try it. They should get a liquor license...

P.S. make sure your significant other eats the same thing. The breath/burps you get are killer! :)
I stop in as often as I can.  My favorite dish is the Hummus Deluxe.  The Baklava is rich and delicious.
This was my first experience with Phoenicia and I was very impressed. I ordered the mixed Kafta with a side of rice. I have never been a big fan of hummus, but the employee asked if I wanted to do half rice and half hummus for $1.50. I said yes - and it was very good! A little garlicky - which matched the garlic sauce brought out with the plate. If you plan on doing any kissing either avoid that sauce or make sure your date has some as well - it was very strong (but good). 
The plate with the added hummus and water was $13. I enjoyed the atmosphere of the place and the staff was friendly and efficient. I will definitely be back!
I started going to their original location in Tempe, and let me tell you - they lost nothing by expanding.  If you like Middle Eastern food, this is a great place to try out - with more of a fast food then full on dining experience.  Get the Greek Fries - awesome fries covered in Feta and Taziki sauce!  One order is plenty to share with at least 2 people, I have yet to finish an order when I get other food.  The pitas and gyros are great, the lamb is always seasoned perfectly.  One of my favorite places to go for an amazing meal that doesn't take an hour!
I used to frequent this place but have not gone in over a year. I went here the other day and the place was dead. It looks like it is going to go out of business. It was i2 in the afternoon and there wasn't one person behind the counter working and no one was eating inside. I could have robbed the place and no one would have known. I walked in and two guys lazily came out but no one greeted me. The grille wasn't even turned on. I'm sorry but I had no patience to wait 30 minutes for them to make me a fallafel and french fries because the fryers and grill was turned off due to a lack of customers. I just walked out of there and no one proceeded to stop me or ask me if they could help me. The menu was also different and worse. The previous menu had combo platters and prices, this one just had pictures of food with no prices attached or lists.  I can tell this particular branch is going out of business. They had no customers.  It's sad because two years ago, this place was packed and thriving.
This review is for the weekend lunch buffet.  Norm R, Mike C & I dropped in here today to give it a try.  This is a stylish, fairly small cafe with a big mural of Port Sidi-Bou, Tunisia on the wall, & appropriate soft pop music was playing (with words in Arabic?) during our visit.

The service was friendly, & today's lunch buffet featured about 20 food items, plus condiments.  There was delicious, piping hot lentil soup, and the salad toppings included a flavorful parsley mix, sliced tomatoes & sliced cucumber, both with fetta cheese sprinkled on top, greek olives, & more, as well as pita bread, hummus, & tzatziki for the lamb over at the hot table.  Other hot items included tasty meatballs, stuffed cabbage, rice, & other delicious things that I can't name.

There's plenty to eat here, & it all adds up to a terrific meal!

Lunch Buffet 11-2 Fri, 12-2 Sat & Sun.  $8.99  Be there!
I just came from the Sunday buffet here were i met up with Norm R. and Rand H. and wow was it goooood. I started with the lentil soup it was good .Then onto the salad table it was very good also and at this point I was thinking this place could hit five stars. Well when i got to the main dishes  I knew it was 5 star. They had this chicken dish that was so good but i dont remember what they called it . Meatballs, cabbage rolls rice,gyro meat.and some kind green bean and broccoli dish all of which were great. If you like great  food you will love this place.the decor was not to fancy but nice, not a lot of seating and i thought with food this good this place needs to be a lot bigger.I cant wait to go back.
This Mediterranean restaurant has a really great weekend buffet, as Rand H., Mike C. found out during our buffet excursion here. I started the meal with a mild but tasty lentil soup, then went on to a refreshing parsley salad, savory meatballs, tasty vegetable dishes (vegetarians will like this place for sure) ... and the *best* shawarma I've ever had!  And just when I thought it couldn't get any better, as I was paying for the meal I noticed trays of tempting baklava near the cashier (sneaky!) ... these came in almond, walnut and pistachio, and I just had to try the pistachio one. It was pure heaven, buttery goodness with an abundance of crushed pistachio and dripping with honey -- an awesome finish to an amazing meal.
I went there for the weekend lunch buffet. Food was pretty good. They had a decent variety and everything was fresh. Other reviews are pretty conclusive. Check it out
I adore Phoenicia. Since moving to Tempe the market has become my go-to place for take-home hummus, feta, baklava (walnut, pistachio, cashew...) and yoghurt. Plus random other goodies on their shelves like coconut oil, spices, and olive oil soaps. Not to mention the crispy falafel and big green salads when I eat in the restaurant. Love the staff, always so happy to see me and they miss me if I miss a week. I've been going every week since moving here. Love it, try it, good food and good service win me over every time! On the patio on a sunny day----nice!!
I like Greek food almost as much as Italian food. I get very emotional about a great gyro or mousaka. It had been awhile since we tried this restaurant and we decided to give it another swing. Surprisingly we were greeted when we came in the door by the staff and the management. We were seated immediately (used to be you paid first at the register and then you sat down wherever you could find a seat). Our drinks were brought out to our table and we were then allowed to hit the buffet bar. This buffet had about twenty items on it. The gyro meat was fresh and good. The pita bread was awesome. The hummus was delicate and very good. By far the brightest stars on the bar were the cabbage rolls. The wife and I couldn't get enough of them. The service was excellent. The food was phenomenal. The ambiance was very good considering this is a strip mall location. If you love Greek food but don't want to break the bank then this place is a very good choice! I give it five stars and two thumbs up.The buffet by the way, is only on Friday through Sunday at lunch. The rest of the week it is menu driven. They also have a breakfast buffet but haven't tried it yet.
My Boyfriend and I stopped in for the breakfast buffet (only because of the signs and we were hungry).  I'm NOT a fan of Greek food and this experience did not change my mind.  Although what I did eat was ok, it wasn't the best.  Nothing on the buffet was labeled so I had no idea what I was eating.  I guess my favorite part of this experience was the fresh made toast and the fact that they had peanut butter (creamy and crunchy), which most restaurants don't offer.  Service was marginal, refills were always offered, it appeared to be clean and the music was not over the top.
Great food. Agree with other reviewers. One of the best little med grills in the east valley. 

Try their lunch buffet--amazing choices for very fair price. Several great deserts!
Good food.  Friendly staff. Good price. Very clean.  I love the gyros!  Tell Sylvia that Richard Gere sent you.
Love, love, love this place:) 

This was the first restaurant in the Phoenix area that my fiance and I tried when we moved from Chicago in Oct '09. I guess it's only fitting that it's my first review on Yelp as well. 

I think Phoenicia has just about everything I look for in a restaurant: 
1. NOT a chain (and by chain, I mean 10+ locations--I am well aware they have a second location in Tempe which is equally awesome) 
2. Great lunch specials (I can get gyros, salad, hummus, and pita bread for $5.99 - my personal favorite) 
3. Family owned (I found out the owners are from my home state of MI, yay, not that it makes the food better, it just makes me like them more) 
4. Consistently great food (especially the gyros and falafels - can't go wrong there) 
5. Interesting beverages - I had a pineapple soda the second time I visited, need to try it again sometime.... 

I have yet to venture far from my beloved gyros and falafel. The lamb shank has been catching my eye for some time now. It's on my list the next time I go for dinner....
Great quality food and a nice, relaxed atmosphere.
After searching the Valley for a properly made Falafel, I finally found it here....right around the corner from my house!!

The falafel plate was WONDERFUL!  Crispy on the outside and MOIST on the inside (very hard to achieve if you do not know what you are doing).  Rice was fluffy and seasoned perfect and the hummus was fresh.  Gyro meat was moist and again, properly seasoned, and man, the lamb was sooooo good!  The foul (fava beans) were AMAZING!!!!  Just a plate of those yum yums and pita bread will satisfy your appetite.  Do not skip dessert as the three different kinds of bakhlawa is just finger licking GOOD!   I love Sylvia (the owner) and her husband!  Very nice people.  You can meet most of the family in the restaurant on the weekends, which gives it a nice family feel.  

One critique....the stuffed grape leaves were NOT fresh.  I was told they were out of a can..... which broke my heart completely in two.
This is a somewhat fast-food style Greek and Mediterranean restaurant, but the food quality is top-notch.  We've been coming here for years and find the food quality is very consistent, always great, and the portions are very generous.  Entree prices range from $7 to $11, with the $11 meals containing multiple meats and sides.

One particular dish, the Chicken Shawarma, is impressive in how tasty the chicken is.  The combo platter offers up a very nicely spiced beef option.  The rice is exceptional here.
The strawberry flip is reason enough to go here but the gyro makes the trip 10 times better. The juicy (not greasy) meat, the awsome pita, and the top-notch taztziki make it a must-do spot in Mesa. This gyros are so massive I dare you to eat 2 (i wanna try try). The cashier (and I'm guessing owner) remembers my female cohorts name with every order. As long as i get my extra tzatiki I don't care :)
I'm a huge fan on my first visit. Falafel deluxe is the best!
One of my favorite restaurants when I want greek/mediterranean. Expansive menu, big portions. I've had other things on the menu, but I usually stick with the shawarma combo, gyro meat and chicken shawarma, which comes with 2 sides. Quality has been consistently excellent. Hummus is good; as a seperate dish, the falafel is very good. And yes, the garlic sauce is awesome and I always ask for an extra.

Only issue is since I've been going here for the past several years it seems like the portions have started to go down a little, and price go up a bit.
These guys do a lot of things right--from their perfectly marinated and grilled kabobs, to their unique and addicting Greek fries, to the delicate and scrumptious almond chocolate baklava--there are so many reasons to frequent Phoenicia.  Their service is always friendly and the restaurant is always clean.  This is one of my favorite places in Gilbert.
This place kicks ass. Kudos for the buffet and various assortments in baklava!  Perfectly cooked gyro meat, however their hummus is typically overblended to the point of pure cream. BUT that didn't kill my appetite or anything. Great value for the $$, they are very generous with portion size. I love this place. And it's not overly popular (read: crowded) as other places. I would totally recommend this for lunch hour, a quick takeout for movie night, or dinner. I am looking forward to my next visit here.
Decided to try this place yesterday after having pizza from Gilbert Pizza next door. The hubby is a big fan of gyros and figured that since he is never in that area, he might as well try a gyro. After realizing they had crepes (I fricken love crepes and thought back to the wonderful ones I had in Germany) I was sold on going for dessert. The service was very friendly, the owner was so funny and warm. Our waitress was extremely friendly and accommodating as well. They treated us like we were family even though they didn't even know our names. Hubby ordered the gyro, I ordered the nutella crepes with strawberry and banana. The gyro is large for what you pay and has tons of meat in it, no lettuce which made the hubby very happy. The only thing was that there was no feta on it which we feel is a key component of a gyro. He said the gyro was good and a good value but he would prefer the sauce to have more flavor and for some feta to be added. My crepes came with just banana, no strawberry, however, I decided not to mention it because the crepe was out of this world. I loved the crispy edges. The owner noticed though that there were no berries and quickly brought some over. They made it even better! Definitely get the crepe with berries! You wont be sorry. They also have a lunch buffet on Friday - Sunday which looked sooo tempting if we hadn't just eaten a half a pizza next door. Haha. We will have to go there and try the buffet as everything looked really delicious.
I like it.  The food was mostly very good, the service was good in a hurried sort of way and the prices are reasonable.

We ate on a weekday evening and the place was bustling.

In the valley of the sun, Z's Greek at 40th and Indian School continues to be the standard bearer for this sort of cuisine and Phoenicia does not measure up, but they are solid enough that I would return.

I would add something clever and Greek or Middle Eastern here but I've got nothing right now so you're out of luck.

If you like, send me a compliment with something good and I will add it to the review and credit you...
Just got their gyro combo and their hommus. Gyro was HUGE, meat was decent...had a couple pretty dry pieces but overall good. Hommus was different, but very good. Personally I'm excited to try out more of the menu, I could see myself grabbing a bite to eat once or twice a month here.
The food was great, relatively cheap and prepared quickly.  I wasn't extremely hungry so I ordered the hummus topped with gyro.  Man!  I couldn't have ordered anything better.  The hummus was extremely fresh tasting and the gyro was very tender.  I would order this dish over and over again.  Served with their really good pita bread, it was a perfect meal.
The food was amazing and Sylvia (I believe to be the owner) was super friendly, even calling us by our first names.  I had the Shish combo. It's definitely enough for two meals, so second half sitting my fridge for tomorrow.  The pastacio baklava is delicious with lots of nuts. The place was packed and completely understaffed, so it was understandable that it took some time to pay the bill.  I don't think I'll have room for dinner.  The prices are reasonable considering it really is two meals.  I will absolutely be going back in the near future.
just had lunch here today and ordered the shoarma combo (chicken and gyros) and it was delish!!! the chicken was season just the way i like it: not overly seasoned and not too strong, just right!!! the gyros was nice and moist... i ordered it with the hommus as a side and it was served with plenty of pita!!! i definetly did not leave hungry! especially since we also got baklava for dessert which was amazing!!!!

i will be back here very shortly!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I will be going here again. Their hummus was fresh and tasted great. My gyro was delicious and was made with thicker cuts of lamb. Service was quick and I really enjoyed the place.
I asked the kid what she wanted for dinner and she straight up said, "LAMB" 

So using dear old yelp again, we found this place, and we liked it.

I ordered the vegetarian sampler, which came with falafels, tabouli, hummus, and stuffed grape leaves. The falafel was really crispy on the outside and moist in the inside, the hummus tasted fresh, and I did like the stuffed grape leaves, although I read in one of the reviews below it came out of a can...which is ok for me I guess, as I will be on the hunt for one of these cans...they were good. 

My friend ordered the gyros plate ---- and yes, the meat was good!!! 

We were all pretty stuffed, but when we saw that they had crepes we had to order them. I had the nutella crepe and my friend ordered the apple cinnamon crepe. They were huge! I think 1 crepe would have been enough for all 3 of us. Both were very delicious - my nutella crepe had bananas, strawberry sauce, and whipped cream on it - I wish I could tell you what was in the apple cinnamon one, but my face was too busy being stuffed with nutella goodness. I ate the whole thing leaving me...really stuffed.

As we left to pay guess what else I found that they had?! TURKISH DELIGHT!!! I had to eat one (gah...I just can't stop). IT WAS GOOD TOO!

Oh and the lady that served us was really friendly :)
This business is definitely worth checking out for sure.  First thing that stood out to me is the extremely friendly, attentive, and outgoing staff.  The entire atmosphere from the beautiful murals on the wall to the smiles of the servers faces are only overshadowed by the delicious food and even more delicious prices.  Holy moly do you get a lot of food for your buck.  I'm not even going to discuss the individual foods we have ordered, have gone a couple times now.  Do yourself a favor and order the hommus.  Ridiculous amounts of hommus and extremely fresh delicious pita.  All food tastes fresh and comes out smoking hot.  Never ran out of my drink and every question, every need was addressed promptly and professionally.  Will be a lifelong customer.  Thanks guys.
Dry chicken, decent Gyro meat. Super average food overall. Really friendly service however.
Went here last nite solo this is a comfortable space service was good I had the small order of the baba ganouje which was enough for 2/3 people and a order of the kaftan kabob which was also a good size order with that you get to pick two sides I had fries ( fair) coleslaw (good) next time I will be a little more creative with my sides they have breakfast on sat/ sun which I look forward to trying
I love this place and don't make it due to location nearly enough. From delicious shawarma with loads of garlic sauce (oh yeah, I smell but I'm happy) to gyros. My favorite is the homemade baklava.
Looked promising clean however on ordering the dolmades appetizer got the canned version. Quite disappointing. Next time I'll try their fresh cooked food
If they would open one in Central Phoenix near my home, I would be happy to give them a 5!  The location is a bit far for a regular visit.  Build one in central phoenix, make it bigger with more selections!

I went for the weekend buffet and it was quite good.  There were limited selections, however, and I did not see some of my very favorite Middle East dishes. The stuffed grape leaves tasted like they were from a can instead of homemade, but I could be wrong on that.

However, the food they did have on the buffet was excellent and I will certainly make the 45 minute drive again for the food when I need more!
Best Gyro around. Friendly staff, nice clean place.
We found this gem while on our family Thursday night out.  What a surprise!  The food is excellent, the portions are way too big for eating at one sitting, and the staff is so pleasant.  We go for dinner at least once a month, now.  The gyro platter is our favorite, along with the delicious lentil soup.    We've tried other items, and they are just as great.  We've never had the weekend buffet, since we work on the weekends.  On your way out, buy some baklava to take home.  It's made fresh daily, and will definitely satisfy any sweet cravings you have after stuffing yourself on the gyros and rice, or the to-die-for Greek fries.    Opa!!!
This place is good but they need to post the prices for there breakfast buffet beside on the window in the corner.  They only have one size drinks for the kids and they do not tell you how much it is.  I was thinking I was going to drop 30 for my family but it ended up being over 50.00.  We will go back but we will ask for the menu so we know the prices are.  They just Expect people to know.
The wife and I blindly stumbled in for a quick bite before a movie.  The food was very good.  I took a chance on the lamb Ghallaba and loved it.  Humus and baba ganoush were very tasty.  My wife loved here vegi sampler.  

The place was about half full with one waiter who was working his hardest to keep up but it would have been nice if they had enough help to fully accomodate everyone.

Prices are reasonable.

Really wish they had beer.  Regardless, I'll be back for sure.
My sales director and I went in here for a quick biz lunch the other day. Good vibe walking in and friendly staff who shouted out seating instructions to us. Fast wi-fi was a bonus. Waitress (maybe manager or owner)  was a crazy col lady and helped us through the order process and some special lamb items we wanted ordered on the side. Gave us a free soup that was a surprise and tasty. My friend really liked the shrimp we ordered but it was a bit sweet for me. We also ordered lamb kabobs which he also liked but were a bit on the well side for me - tasty nonetheless. Gave it the extra star because we left with the feeling it's a cool place and wanting to come back and order something else. Cool BBQ store next door too.
Food is always good, I would highly recommend this place.
Food was good but pricey for what it is.  When i went in the place was a mess.  They must have had a huge crowd come in as the tables were all messy, food and napkins on the floor as if the tazmanian devil just rolled through.  Anyhow, I had the chicken kabobs and a small side of humus with drink and it was $21.  Like i said, i was happy with the food but not for that price.  I purchased the coupon off yelp ($10 for $20) to try it out so I cant complain that much but based on that i wont go back to spend $21 on lunch.
The food and service were spectacular! 

Both my friend and I had Gyro salads and almond baklava. The salad had fresh veggies and an extremely flavorful greek dressing. They also did not skimp on the meat either. They was so much meat I couldn't finish it all! For dessert, the almond baklava was perfect. It was so rich and perfectly portioned. 

When we walked in, we weren't sure if it was a sit down place with servered or if you went up to the counter. In fact, I am still not quite sure. Other than this confusion, the meal was perfect. 

I will no doubt come here again and try something new. Also, if you check in while you're there, you receive 50% off your second item purchased!
This place has excellent food. My favorite is the hummus with lamb and the garlic paste. Their tabbouleh is WONDERFUL too. Everything is made fresh in house. It makes My Big Fat Greek Restaurant taste like fast food if you ask me. This is very authentic. 

If you eat in the restaurant often, they will come to know you by name which is nice. They will also know what you order. I guess they know what I order when I call to carry out too! The customer service is great and it is some that you hardly ever find anymore.

We used them to cater our daughter's birthday party and let me tell you, it was a HIT! I wasn't sure about everyone liking ethnic food, but those that hadn't had it before really enjoyed it and have since visited P.G. The price point per person was reasonable and Sylvia, the owner was really helpful when we were trying to put the menu together. we weren't sure how many pounds of lamb and chicken to get. She was really flexible to adjust their Maza platter since we ordered two and  didn't want as much feta and olives on the second. After all of these years of eating there, I am glad that I finally had a chance to use them for catering. I highly recommend them for their delicious food and for their reasonable prices for catering. I do think that the price for catering is really reasonable compared to the prices that are on the regular menu. Keep in mind they do have lunch specials that are served with a yummy lentil soup! Five stars for the quality and taste of the food and for the price point of the catering and the customer service!
We eat here all the time. The food is great. Better than Pita jungle. The hummus and baba ghanoosh (sp.) is the best I have had in the valley. The restaurant is fairly small though (not conducive to a large party).
Poor, moody service. 
The place is religious. 
Chicken is bland and dry. 
Fries are great. 
Gyro is good.
2 gyros, 1 side of chicken: $30.  Ouch!
Terrible, distracting music.
Incredible food to match awesome customer service, and atmosphere.  What more can you say.....
Oh wait, fair prices.

If you have the privileged of eating here, make sure you you ask for Ryan.  He is not only extremely knowledgeable about the cuisine, but is also a delight to chat with.  

I will visit here often....sure that in time I will eat here enough for them to know me by name....Brenden

Thanks for the great evening.....Phoenicia
Tried the lunch buffet, but as one of Euro descent, the cabbage rolls and other dishes did not live up to expectations. I consider myself to be somewhat of a baklava aficionado, and would say it is not nearly as good as the baklava at Chicago's Number One Gyro over in Apache Junction. It is a quaint restaurant, but you may be better off ordering a gyro to-go. 

A big positive for the place is that they have good service and friendly workers.
I really loved this place. Came in on Saturday wanting their buffet, After reading stellar reviews here, and that it was $8.99, I had to go. 

The place is modern, shiny and very attractive. So were the waiters I may ad.  I have to say, everything I had was delicious. The hummus, Greek salad, stuffed grape leaves and such - wonderful. These kinda pizza crisps like middle eastern pizzas that were superb- and we ate the last 3. I am not a big tabbouleh fan- but it was the best ever.  Their lentil soup did not disappoint. 

In the hot section, they had great stuffed cabbage, meatballs ( not Italian style ), rice, broiled fish, chicken and gyro. My favorite was the stuffed cabbage and meatballs w/rice. The gyro meat was ok, I was happy as can be. We also got one soda ($1.99) and a baklava -great by the way ( $2.00 ),

My partner went to ask for more of the pita thing-ees and they sad we could have more, but for $2.50. He didn't even want to tell me but he let it slip out and that really but me in a bad mood.  What the hell ? It's a buffet and you want to charge me extra for something that ran out?  Hell no. I was ready to go Jersey on them- but that's the old Jose'.  The new Jose' was full, and with great food  I just felt like shutting up. The Boy was happy too with his frozen yogurt- he especially liked the cheesecake flavor. 

We asked the very attentive and attractive waiter for our bill - I look at the check and it's $34 and change. I almost had heart attack. It seems the price of their buffet has gone up in one year - from $8.99 to $12.99. I should have seen the small sign behind a counter that said the price - I didn't to my regret. Food prices have gone up, but this buffet is not worth $13 in my opinion- especially when they want to charge an extra $2.50 for something they ran out of.  Any way, with tip we took a $38.00 hit. Truly I was devastated as that is way, way above our pay scale - and it was my fault cause I didn't check the price. But where the hell did I get the $9.99 price ? Maybe I am crazy- except that I check their web site and it says $9.99. 

And yet my friends, I shall return because  I really loved the food.. They gave us a coupon on the receipt that gives us 50% off on second buffet, so it will cost the $20 I originally was going to pay. And maybe they will run a groupon too.
This my first time here. I have heard about it but not yet tried.

They had just started a buffet which always seems to attract my attention. 

Buffet was just average.  Limited choices for the price.  But the meat was very good.

This is a good place for a Gyro sandwich.  Not sure I will put it on top of my regular list.
NO, NO, NO!!!

The Friday through Sunday Buffet here is advertised as $9.99 on the website but when you go to pay (after you ate) it's $12.95 per person!!!  I complained to the owner to & asked her to fix the website & she just gave me a bunch of double-talk!  Can you imagine???

ABSOLUTELY NOT OK!!!     :-O
This place is just ok. Over the past few years it seems like the quality of their food has gone downhill...hopefully they can turn things around, I use to love their food!
Great place to eat. I'm Greek nice quite the same as yia yia's food but still great
Our favorite Mediterranean food in the valley. Huge portions for the price. The gyro and swarms combo are our favorite. Also recommend the roasted lamb hummus. Phoenicia is awesome!
Delicious! Try the cilantro chicken it's to die for!!   Also they have the moistest felafel you will ever find in the US. Excellent prices and the best service anywhere,I swear to it.  Also if you check in on Yelp you will receive a coupon for 50% off an order.
The food here is excellent!!  They do to-go and sit down and both are good.  They have some of the best pita I have ever had.  My favorite thing here was the lebneh and they have taken it away.  I would eat here more often if they would bring the lebneh back.  The staff here is very nice and make you feel like family.
The chicken burger is surprising good. I also ordered the onion rings which is pretty fresh made. The place is quiet at Wed. afternoon and you get 25% off with the receipt you had last time. Not a bad deal at all. Wife ordered the Gyro, it comes with lots meat. It's enough for us to take home as snack. 

The buffet don't looks so attractive to me anyway, but I would like to try other burgers.
The owner is beyond friendly and the staff offers excellent customer service. Best hummus I have ever had. I love eating here and always make it a stop on my visit to Gilbert.
I got the gyro and the green fries "great fries + feta cheese & their ranch" - which I would recommend to anyone with a mouth.  The service was good, but not great.  The gyro meat was tender, and tasty, and I will definitely be back to try other items on my international food bucket list.
Wow. Just had a gyro. Super loaded with meat. Very good.
Ordered the Buffet, the food was cold, I told the waiter never got back with me. Upon check out, one of the waitresses asked me how was everything, I told her the food was cold in the buffet, she started making excuses, never said sorry and never offered to not charge for the meal. Poor customer service and frankly hazardous food that is sitting in the buffet for god knows how long.
soo.. AFTER the long 6 hr drive to Arizona... i Came here during my Vacation . Got the Lamb shank. it was pretty good. not as great as Kerostena but it was pretty good for a spot in Arizona. the rice it came with was drenched in a tango sweet tomato sauce. portion was pretty decent it. Rice was kinda soupy with too much tomato sauce. The lamb shank was decent portion. wished it had more flavor.  they gave us free soup and since it was my friends brithday they gave her a free dessert. it was sweet of them. They also had a salad all you can eat bar for $12 which the waitress did not mention =/ i was starving too.. she could have wheeled me in that plus the $15 plate of lamb shank =/ oh well LOL. i feasted like a beast from hungry and dehydration. The smoothies there are made from real berries cz i swallowed a few chunks of strawberries and nearly choked LOL but it was worth it. at least i know it wasd fresh right? =] LOL 

sorry guys. i had to take 1 star off cz no one told us about the salad buffet and we were super hungry =/
A while back, these guys were advertising their Friday through Sunday at $9.99 on their website but diners would go there & eat it (with the price not signed inside), & then when you went to pay all of the sudden it was $12.95.  That was SO NOT OK!!

Recently I checked again & they now show the right price on the website, so I dropped in today joined by Robyn N. to have the Buffet & post this new Update.

SOME POSITIVES:

*  There were only about 20 food items, including 3 kinds of hummus, but not counting sauces & dressings.  This is small for a Buffet, but by the end of the meal it seemed like that was plenty.

*  The food was delicious!  (That's one thing, isn't it?)     :-)

*  The hot dishes consisted of a good variety of different tastes.  There was Lentil Soup, a shrimp dish, gyro meat, a fish dish, Chicken Shawarma & others.

For dessert there were two kinds of frozen yogurt.  I had the Pistachio, & it was good.  (Other dessert goodies are available at additional cost.)

*  The service was friendly.


HOWEVER...

The price is way high for this Buffet at $12.95!  Here's the competition:

*  Mediterranean Buffet $7.99 (more food variety but recipes not as good).

*  Cafe Istanbul (Buffet):  $9.95  (Similar excellent food & variety.)

*  Princess Mediterranean Market (Buffet):  $9.95  (Similar excellent food & includes an awesome lamb shank!)

Ok, so you argue, "but THIS IS GILBERT!  ROOTY TOOT TOO!

Fine, the nearest other All-you-can-eat place is just a block or two up the street:

*  BoomBozz -  An amazing 5 Star restaurant offering all you never ending servings of all different kinds of FANTASTIC pizza plus salad & so on for only $7.99!!

So Phoenicia here is $3 overpriced, & they should go back to $9.99.  The Lunch Buffet is served Friday, Saturday & Sunday from noon, & it was ready on time.
= = = =  FRIDAY THRU SUNDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = =



A while back, these guys were advertising their Friday through Sunday at $9.99 on their website but diners would go there & eat it (with the price not signed inside), & then when you went to pay all of the sudden it was $12.95.  That was SO NOT OK!!

Recently I checked again & they now show the right price on the website, so I dropped in today joined by Robyn N. to have the Buffet & post this new Update.

SOME POSITIVES:

*  There were only about 20 food items, including 3 kinds of hummus, but not counting sauces & dressings.  This is small for a Buffet, but by the end of the meal it seemed like that was plenty.

*  The food was delicious!  (That's one thing, isn't it?)     :-)

*  The hot dishes consisted of a good variety of different tastes.  There was Lentil Soup, a shrimp dish, gyro meat, a fish dish, Chicken Shawarma & others.

For dessert there were two kinds of frozen yogurt.  I had the Pistachio, & it was good.  (Other dessert goodies are available at additional cost.)

*  The service was friendly.


HOWEVER...

The price is way high for this Buffet at $12.95!  Here's the competition:

*  Mediterranean Buffet $7.99 (more food variety but recipes not as good).

*  Cafe Istanbul (Buffet):  $9.95  (Similar excellent food & variety.)

*  Princess Mediterranean Market (Buffet):  $9.95  (Similar excellent food & includes an awesome lamb shank!)

Ok, so you argue, "but THIS IS GILBERT!  ROOTY TOOT TOO!

Fine, the nearest other All-you-can-eat place is just a block up the street, still in the same shopping center:

*  BoomBozz -  An amazing 5 Star restaurant offering all you never ending servings of all different kinds of FANTASTIC pizza plus salad & so on for only $7.99!!

So Phoenicia here is $3 overpriced, & they should go back to $9.99.  The Lunch Buffet is served Friday, Saturday & Sunday from noon, & it was ready on time.
I go to school in California but eat here every time I'm back home in Arizona. Their food is unreal: the gyros are packed with meat, the hummus is delicious, and you simply can't beat the Greek fries with Feta cheese on them...yummm! Reasonably priced and the service is great. The owner is extremely friendly and always says hi when I stop in. Bring a big appetite and you won't be disappointed!
Everything was delicious: gyros, rice, dolmades, french fries, salad, smoothies. The waitstaff were very attentive and friendly. And the portions were huge!
Probably the best Falafel in the valley.
It's very crunchy on the outside; soft, moist, and flavorful on the inside; and not greasy. Large Falafel balls make it a very filling dish or appetizer.

Been here a couple of times. We first came a year ago because of a Yelp coupon, but it turned out we couldn't use the coupon for the buffet. We decided to keep the coupon for later and try the buffet. The buffet offered many choices for sampling. There was no Falafel on the buffet, but they did have hummus, dolmades, a couple salads, shawarma, cabbage rolls, lentil soup, cinnamon sugar crisp pitas for dessert, and other meat entree items. When we got the buffet we also ordered some Falafel and Fool to try. 

As I mentioned earlier, the Falafel is fantastic, but the Fool wasn't as good as we expected; there were a lot of red and green peppers, and those flavors overwhelmed the flavors of the fava beans and there seemed to be a lack of spices.

Buffet food was decent, but we decided that next time we came we would order off of the menu in order to get our favorites. The dolmades were oily and tasted canned (you can buy canned dolmades from middle eastern grocery stores). You can definitely get you money's worth with the buffet, but other than getting full I don't think there was a dish that had us wanting more.

We came for our second visit this summer with our Yelp coupon. As an appetizer we ordered a sampler, which came with some Falafel, baba ganoush, hummus, and taboule. The Falafel was amazing yet again, the hummus was pretty good (they make it in house fresh), but the baba ganoush didn't taste quite right and was nothing to write home about. The taboule was very good; lemony, and not too oily.

For our entrees we both ordered lamb kabobs (not on the website). Lamb was very good. It was a little overcooked and chewy, but they flavors were very good and the portion size was large.

Our appetizer took a long time to come out, so the owner told our waitress to bring us some complementary cups of lentil soup. This was very nice of them and we are fans of their lentil soup.

Overall the entrees aren't anything special from what we have experienced, but the Falafel makes this restaurant worth the trip. If we come again, we will probably just order some Falafel and hummus. They do have desserts available which we have not tried, and they have smoothies which looked delicious. By reading the board of smoothie flavors and ingredients, it looks like the smoothies are naturally sweetened with honey or fruit juice, and they have very unique ingredients.

The owner has been there every time we have come, the service is very friendly, and the restaurant has a comfortable environment.
Good food, however they don't understand the concept of a take out order.  When you call ahead to place an order, you expect the food to be ready when you get there 20 minutes later.  Unfortunately it always seems like they don't start making your take out order until you get there so you end up waiting for your order anyway.  I would give them 4 stars if not for this inconvenience.
I was craving a gyro and while my pregnant daughter opted for a chicken wing spot (to go) nearby, the rest of us enjoyed a quick dinner at Phoenicia Grill.   It was ok.  I like alot of things in my gyro salad.  While plenty green it was, it lacked the speckles of other vegetables I enjoy in a salad.   The dressing was "ok".  Having checked in via Yelp gave us a 10% discount on the bill so that was a plus!  I may be back since I know of no other gyro place in the area!  :)
We kept passing by this place. Last night a friend raved about it so we tried it for lunch today. First try was limited to gyros and dolmades. Probably the biggest gyro I have ever had with very tender meat... nice. Dolmades were great. Service was very good. Layout seems a little strange. We were not sure where to go when we walked in. The tables all had numbers on them so we didn't know whether they were taken or not? Hostess stand was all the way on the opposite of the room from the entry door. BUT, the food was really good. We are anxious to try some of the other things on the menu. Waiting to try the baklava we brought home:)
We found this place via the fabulous Yelp mobile app.  We were in a part of Gilbert I don't find myself in very often.  It was rated quite highly and we were in the mood for Mediterranean fare.   

The outside is somewhat misleading.  There are advertisements all over the windows for standard "American food".  It reminds me of some of the restaurants I've seen in Europe that are trying to appear or cater to Americans ("USA Fried Chicken", for example.)  

We were quickly seated and a quick glance at the menu confirmed that we were indeed in Hummus-ville.  The food was delicious.  The hummus was extremely smooth and creamy and had great flavor.  The pita bread was standard and given it's primarily a delivery system of hummus, I'm okay with this.  My falafel veggie wrap was delicious and my husband thought his gyro was the best he's ever had.  We both ordered the Greek fries.  I've always wondered about the authenticity of those because it seems like an excellent way to draw in Americans.  But no matter... they are gooey and delicious.  

This is definitely a great little find.  I wish I lived closer!
This is a great little casual restaurant located south of Warner on Gilbert Road.  We've had the gyros, philly cheesesteaks, gyro salad, falafels, greek fries, lentil soup.  Excellent food every time.  Service and a sincerely friendly staff makes this a  go to place.  A bonus is that they offer a dinner all-you-can-eat buffet for a very reasonable price.  Great way to try many of their menu options.  I think they offer the buffet for lunch on weekends, but better call the restaurant to confirm.  It's a clean, fresh restaurant with a nice atmosphere to boot!  One of our new faves!
My husband and I loved the place.  Our son thought it was alright.  We had an Entertainment coupon, so that helped cut the cost of our meal down some.  The prices are good for all the food you get.  The service is wonderful, top notch.  The waitress and other servers were very attentive to the customers.  The place wasn't packed, but it was about 75% full and it was a Saturday evening.

I had a combination plate of gyro and chicken schwarma with coleslaw and rice.  My husband had fries, steak kabob, hummus.  My son had fries with gyros.  They gave us free lentil soup and we got extra pita bread.

The place itself was a little cold, but that was alright.  The food did take awhile to get to us, while we sort of froze.  But, the service and food were so good, that it more than made up for it. 

We'll be coming back again.
It was 10:30am and my wife, sister and I were very hungry. 

We were in the area, which we never are, and needed some chow quickly. At first, we wanted Pei Wei! Closed. Chipotle? Closed. 

We really didn't want to leave the complex so we decided to search. Then, we found this place. 

It was about 10:45am and the sign said they opened at 11am but one of the workers told us to go right in.  

I liked the mom and pop feel of the shop! We go in and we're immediately greeted by a young lady who tells us to seat ourselves. 

We didn't realize it was an actual sit-down restaurant where they take your order. We thought it was one of those fast-casual type of places. Unfortunately, we were kind of in a hurry so we placed our order to go. 

I'm kind of on this burger kick. I broke my "no eating flour" kick last night when I had a burger at the Garage in Phoenix, and felt like eating another. So, I decided, what the hell. One more won't hurt! You can go back to that afterward. 

I looked at the burger list. The Greek Burger. Greek Fries. 

Oh man. 

So good. The burger was fantastic. The fries were to die for. It was smotherd in feta and a thick greek sauce. My wife kept eating my fries. So to get back at her, I ate some of her gyro. She got the gyro platter. That was very good too. 

If I'm ever back in the area, I'd be up for this place again.
My husband and I eat at Phoenicia Grill at least twice a month. If it were not for the fact we live in Fountain Hills, we would choose to eat here more often. First of all, as we walk in the door you are always greeted by the friendly owner. She never forgets your face and always lets you know how much she appreciates your business and that you enjoy her food. The meals are consistently fresh and delicious. The food presentation is picture perfect. We love their chicken shawarma, tabouleh, hummus and our favorite, garlic sauce. Make sure you order the Greek Fries, they will knock your socks off! Out of this world fries!! You have to try this cute little place. I know you will enjoy it as much as we do.
The food is pretty authentic made fresh and a lot of it is very healthy. Our kids like it and the server Joe is awesome. No matter how crazy our requests for our kids are. He makes it happen. We will be back again and again.
Great service!  Great food
For good medi-middle eastern food this place is better than most in the East Valley. The food platters are sizable for the cost, and service is great. Probably the best chicken shwarma I've tasted in Arizona.
Pros:  Food was great!  Chicken Shawarma was flavorful and juicy and good size portion.  Like the option of getting two sides as well instead of just one.  My wife ordered the falafel and another good size portion.  Some of the best middle eastern cuisine I've had in the area in a while.  Also had a great deal where if you checked into Yelp, got a item at half price with purchase of regular price item.

Cons:   Service was awful!  Which is weird due to all of the reviews that lauded the service.  It took the waiter about 15 min. to take our order.  Had to also remind him about the hummus we ordered before the entrees.  Waiter came and picked up my debit card...and didn't see him for like 10 minutes.  Who knows what was going on with that.  Saw three different waiters at our table and none really seemed to know who was taking care of us.  All the staff seemed to have no guidance and was a little too laid back, especially when it got busy.  The table next to us had some of their food forgotten and again had to remind the staff what they ordered.  

Overall food was great, but we will definitely be planning on take out next time.
the food is awesome here.  falafel appetizer, Shawarma salad is our favorite and the service great as well. Yesmine remembered our order when we arrived.  great job Phoenicia- we are hooked and will be there at least once a week.
Love this place! Tonight we had the hummus deluxe and chicken kabob salad and as usual it was delicious. Best hummus in town and the Greek fries are amazing!
This place is one of our favorites.  The food is always great and the service is top notch.  The gyros, chicken shawarma, greek burger and greek fries are all amazing!  The lunch buffet is a good choice as well.
Favorite Greek restaurant in the area. Wait staff could use a bit of improvement on refilling drinks- it seems they get pretty overwhelmed when busy. I will bypass that though since I really love the food. Their falafel is the best- especially served on a pita. Gyros and Chicken Shawarma are super tasty.  They have a reasonably priced buffet if you would like to sample a bit of everything.  I usually order take-out and the orders are quick.
The best in the valley.  If you want excellent food, ambiance, and the best service, look no further.  My new standby
I need more hummas!!! We usually do take out at Phoenicia Grill. The food blows my mind. We love the chicken shawarma and the gyro plate. The greek fries rock my world. The baklava is sweet. The greek salad is great. The service is hit and miss. My fiance goes here a lot so he had made friends with the staff. We can't not complain about service since we have always had great service.
Phoenicia Grill is where you need to go if you are looking for some good Greek food! I love this place! I am a huge Gyro fan and this is one or the best places that I have found for Gyros in the East Valley. Phoenicia grill also has hands down the best Greek fries you will ever have! Your body won't thank you for eating them but you will enjoy them! If you go I recommend the gyro and fries combo! It is my personal favorite
I was craving Greek food so my boyfriend and I decided to go check out this place because it was close to our home. As soon as we walked in we were greeted and we sat down. I was excited to try their buffet but we went for dinner and the buffet is only for  lunch. So we i got the mixed kaftah which had some beef and lamb with my two choice of sides( hummus and rice). My boyfriend for the cilantro chicken with hummus and rice. Both dishes were good but I felt like I could get this kind of food at any other Greek restaurant. The food didn't stand out and maybe it what's we ordered but it was ok. I'll come back and try the lunch buffet and see if the variety is better. The service was good but we felt our food took forever to come out.
We have been coming to this spot for at least 10 years. The owners and staff having been nothing but exceptionally nice to us. My kid is pretty picky about food, but he craves the chicken shawarma. It's not explicitly on the menu, but we always order a basket of shawarma and fries for him, and they have no problem with the special order. The food has always been excellent. I tend to order the chicken kabob plate, but I've tried the shawarma, the gyro, the vegetarian sampler, the shish kabob, and the kafta kabob. Everything has been excellent, but the chicken items really stand out. They offer a buffet, but I tend not to go for that - I watch my calories and I know I will gorge. If you do get the buffet, try the lentil soup and make sure you add a squeeze of fresh lemon juice - it makes the soup come alive! If you have the space, try the baklava. If not, try it anyway.
My husband and I love this place!!! We are here on a regular! I dream of the Greek fries when I've went too long without them.  Gyro meat is perfection and the staff is always AWESOME!!
My wife and I go here a lot. She really loves it. She gets chicken swarma. Always pretty good. I get gyros pita. Ordering gyros here is very hit and miss. They leave it on the spit way too long. Today my gyros was crispy. How can it be crispy? Ridiculous. Some days it's melt in your mouth and awesome. It's about 50/50. I guess they don't want to throw away food. Christina's on chandler blvd and Lindsey is way more dependable for gyros.
One of my favorite places for greek food. Gyro's are delicious & their greek frys are pretty scrumptious. They also throw down a buffet which is pretty awesome when feeding finicky kids. The owners are good people, very friendly & always a pleasure to speak with while dining in. Thanks for all the great meals!
Sylvia and the entire staff are truly awesome. We feel like family when we eat here, the portions are generous, the food is amazing. Having spent part of my teenage years in the Mediterranean, I can say with certainty the food is authentic.
I ordered two combination plates from here. My dad only eats halal meat so it narrowed my choices of restaurants down and led me to Phoenicia. It was my first visit. Their hummus was really good, so were their fries, nice and fresh. Good garlic aioli sauce as well. We also enjoyed the rice. The meat however wasn't too great. I'm middle eastern so I am a hard judge. I have experienced so much better tasting meats. Overall, I would be back if someone insisted on dining here. I may go back and try their hamburgers to give them another chance at winning me over. Right now I am not too impressed. But I must point out the gentleman taking my order was very nice. Superb customer service skills. Whoever hired him was an outstanding judge of character. 5 stars for customer service
The Phoenicia Grill offers a mean Gyro sandwich that won't leave you disappointed and asking, "Where's the Beef?". The Chicken Shawarma (shawarma combo-yum!) is flavorful and my daughter loves it. Garlic sauce is the Best on pretty much everything. Wonderful Hummus and rice. A place where meat lovers and vegans can unite with a great menu and friendly staff that makes every visit a enjoyable! I Love Phoenicia Grill!
This location is closer to me and it's way better than the Tempe location. I always order the Phoenicia burger with Greek fries and it's one of the best under $10 burgers. Customer service is good except for they usually forget to refill your drink which then you have to go refill it, honestly I think it would be better if they didn't have any waiters that would make a lot more sense for this Restuarant.
Worst food ever. Never go there!!!! Went there and had a gyro sandwich got diarrhea right at the same day. I heard similar stories frm my friends and family member @ different times of their visit. We ll never come back!!!!!
It was Saturday afternoon and I wanted to pick up lunch for the two of us somewhere. Being that is was the holiday season I wanted to avoid San Tan Village area because I knew the parking lot would be a zoo. So I drove west and ended up on Gilbert Rd. & remembered passing by this place.

I ordered a Gyro Pita, Chicken Schwarma & some Greek Fries . I didn't wait very long before my food was ready. Gyro was good. Plenty of meat. Chicken Schwarma was pretty decent. I wouldve liked the chicken to be more seasoned but I like that they put hummus inside the pita. The Greek Fries were awesome! Probably the best version I've had. At other places the sauce on it is a little too tangy for my tastes.

I will have to come back again and try their buffet lunch. I'm sure it would be delicious & for 12.95 per person, that's a pretty sweet deal!
Love it!
Called ahead take out order. Stated I would be getting a smoothie when we arrived, but the woman taking my order forgot to tell me the smoothie machine was broken. As I'm consoling an upset toddler she is motioning for me to sign my cc receipt. Really, my hands are full, and my order is not even ready yet. Salad was soaked in dressing. Called back, yes all to go salads are served with dressing on them, so beware, you have to eat it ASAP or have a big soggy mess. (That's what I get for stopping at Jamba Juice on the way home)
Awesome buffet. Excellent Greek food. The owners could not be nicer. Really make you feel at home. Waiters were prompt. I've been there probably a dozen times over the past year. I've never had a bad meal yet! My only problem is that the food is so wonderful....by the time I walk out the door I have eaten WAY TOO MUCH!
Great service! Very attentive and super nice. Food was delicious, especially chicken skewer, hummus, and falafel! Gyro was ok- had more flavorful ones. We had the vegetarian sample platter and combo skewer platter. Seating is a bit limited but didn't have to wait.
Food was good. Service was awful. Took 46 minutes from when we bought our food for it to get to our table. Don't go on Saturday nights. Save yourself and drive a few more miles and go to the one in Chandler.
One of our favorite Gyro places ever!! Consistently delicious every time we have gone. Just note it is not a fancy place, although you can dine in, it is very casual and family run!!
I eat here on a regular basis, and I have never had bad service or food. That, in and of itself, says a lot about this place.
Came here on a random whim for the first time a couple of weeks ago with a friend. We were talking about greek fries (translation: I was talking about greek fries) and said friend had never experienced them before. After a quick little yelp search for greek fries, I found Phoenicia!

Holy greek fries. This is the BEST I have ever had anywhere. I could eat them all day, everyday until I get so big that I can't have my own airline seat anymore. Thank God for the gym, y'all.

Aside from the all encompassing greek fires, the falafel is crispy and hecka GOOD.

I have now been here three time sin the last week and a half and I am bringing everyone I know with me.

Oh, and the hummus. WOW. The super hot boyfriend doesn't even like hummus usually and he thought this was amazing. They make it in house and can sell you a small container to take home for $6. We purchased the classic (which is what they serve with their dishes), but I heard mention of a jalepeno/cilantro one that I am definitely going back for when I get through my first container.

The staff is incredibly friendly and you will meet them all at some point during your meal. They all come over and ask if everything is great and offer to refill your water glass. Love this type of teamwork!

Oh, and side note, they are closed on Mondays. Don't do what I did and get yourself all worked up for greek fries and be disappointed when you show up on a Monday and walk away greek-fry-less.
Good place for beef, chicken or shrimp kabobs, or chicken or beef tikki. Chicken boti is served . Falafel, Hummus, and Samosos are available for appetizers.  Baklava and Kulfi for desert. American food is also available. Generous portions for a low price. 

Unlike most downtowns, Las Vegas does not have very many ethnic restaurants. I presume the reason is that there are so many low price buffets that it is difficult to compete. Most of the patrons at Kabob Korner are Pakistani or Indian. The food is excellent and it is Halal (if that matters to you). They are playing Indian and Pakistani music videos constantly.

Halal is an Arabic term meaning "permissible" i.e. the food permissible according to Islamic law. Since much of the food is also permissible under Jewish law, you often see the Mayor, Oscar Goodman, having lunch at this kabob place.
Inexpensive ($7.99 for a plate). The ground beef kebab was decent: two skewers of kebab served with rice, a simple salad and a pita. Sauces were a yogurt-based sauce and a sweet chili dipping sauce.
The menu is a little strange since it is Indian/Pakistani run but serves Middle Eastern (gyros, falafel), Indian and American food.
During our last night in Vegas, I promised my husband a good time. After watching the Queen light show, walking around with googly eyes from all the lights and smoke, we found ourselves to be a bit hungry. Kabob Korner proved to be a satisfying reminder that one can indeed find a fresh and delish meal at an affordable price. I had the Chicken Boti Kabob and my husband the beef. Aside from glancing lovingly at each other, neither of us said a word during the meal. We will definitely go back.
Great food!!  The best fresh pita I've ever had, and the rest of my meal (chicken gyros and hummus, with kulfi for dessert) was really good, too.  It's basically a little hole in the wall joint, but with enough decorations and stuff to make it feel rather homey.  The staff was friendly enough, but then I am a single white woman so that might have made a difference, as per the other reviews.  I would recommend this spot for a good quick bite when downtown!  Man cannot live on 99cent shrimp cocktails, ya know...
This review is based entirely around the Super Gyro menu item, a fully loaded gyro that happens to be the best I've had in Vegas.  When I'm giving a 5 star review, I'm basically saying that the establishment will be a repeat eat for me.  If I am craving a gyro, this is the place that I want to go.  This place is located on Fremont Street just east of Las Vegas Boulevard, so coming here when I get that craving isn't always the most convenient solution.  

How good is their super gyro?  A few weekends ago my friends and I met downtown at Firefly at the Plaza.  I've never been disappointed at Firefly, and this was no exception.  However, after spending a few hours at Downtown Cocktail room (another place that I've never been disappointed) I seriously had a craving for a super gyro.  So after dropping about $20 at Firefly per person (which always leaves me satisfied as far as food portions go) I was willing to get a super gyro here.  As a comparison, the main contenders for my favorite gyro have been the Paymon's, the Greek American Grill, The Mad Greek and The Olive Mediterranean Grill.  Hands down Kabob Korner is at the top of my list, for gyros specifically.
Had lunch here - food was reasonably good (had the gyro with fries, other lunch guests had gyro and chicken kabob).  Was moderately busy when I was there, and kitchen/register was lightly staffed, and food took around 30 - 35 min. from order to service - which was a bit long, particularly for a lunch on a workday.  Staff was reasonably friendly.  Decent lunch option downtown based on quality of food.
Great place downtown for some awesome drunk food.  Being next door to the Griffin makes it very convenient.  I had the Gyro and fries and was very pleased.  The service was amazing too.  I was a little intoxicated from being at The Griffin and forgot my bag of stuff I bought at a shop downtown there.  They tracked me down and gave it back to me.  It wasn't crowded either out there.  This will be a must every time I go to Vegas.
I have been going to Kabob Korner since just about day one. The food has been consistently good. I am stuck on the same 3-4 dishes, so I can't speak for the whole menu. The biggest draw for me is the falafel. I would have to say it very well could be the best I have ever had. Apparently they use 2 types of chick peas, fresh parsley, along with some other goodies to make a wonderfully flavorful experience. The chili chicken (#6) is a generous sized portion of sliced chicken breast, fantastic rice, a small salad, and pita all for 8 bucks. I really like this one, but wish it had a little more kick to it. I do like my heat. Gyros are great too, as are the beef kabobs. A bit of a down side is all of the beverages come out of a cooler, so you get cans or bottles and no free refills, a minor complaint in a sea of halal goodness.
I work right down the street from Kabob Korner so I've def had my fair share of their food - and I LOVE it!  My favorite is the chicken gyro although their hummus is pretty good and so is there chicken and rice dishes.  I got a "side salad" one time but it was enormous - just a warning in case you like to add side salads to your meals.  They are very friendly and will make you custom food too if you ask.  The only thing I wish they had was fountain sodas cuz I hate drinking the ones they have from the can.
i eat here very frequently  i don't know why  it's probably because it's nearby it's ok i like that they deliver and have a wide variety of  canned soda but they don't have shish kabobs they only have  kabobs there's a difference but i do like the gyros.
Kabob Korner is definitely my favorite restaurant.  I've been coming here for over a year.  The staff is very friendly and the food is always delicious and inexpensive!  I will never get tired of this place!  Chicken Tikka is my favorite, but everything is good!
Been here the past two Fridays and I'm a fan now.  My first time, I ordered the chicken tikka, which I found VERY flavorful and delicious!  It came with rice, pita bread and a small salad.  The cucumber dressing and chili sauce is very good as well.  Today, i wanted to try something different so I ordered the chili chicken.  This dish is gooooood!  If you like spicy, then you'll love this.  It was a bit spicier than I'm used to, but the pita bread helped with that. LOL!  It's a big portion too, so I had to ask for a to-go box for my leftovers. 

What I liked is that the chicken was not dry like I've had at other kabob or halal places.  It's very flavorful and juicy. 

If you plan on eating there, call ahead.  It can take about 15 minutes for your order.  There's not a lot of seating, either.
This is a really fun place to go, and there is always the most interesting/eclectic mix of people in this joint.

Food: I get the Super Gyro.  You can have your choice of beef or lamb, and I've tried both.  I prefer the beef.  They put the works on this thing, and then give you two sauces to put on top of it also.  The red sauce is deeeeelicious.  It's sweet, yet tangy with a little bit of heat.  I haven't found a sauce like it anywhere else.  My husband has gotten the falafel and it is some of the best falafel he's found in Vegas.

Service: The owner is awesome.  He's very friendly and personable.  We once called when we were starving to see if they were open, and when we said we'd be there in 10 minutes, he asked for our order over the phone and had it ready for us when we got there!

I always look forward to going to Kabob Korner.  Good quality food, nice folks, and I get to watch the Food Network (they have it on in the background!).
My favorite gyro in town, by far.  Always super fresh and spiced with as much heat as you want. The resident vegetarian in the crowd also claimed the falafel may be the best she's had.

We wander in here almost every time we're downtown.  It has certainly gotten busier the last few times we've been there; there can actually be a wait for a table sometimes, but everyone plays nice looking for somewhere to sit.
It was late and I was hungry, so I hope that didn't cloud my judgment too much.  Prices are beyond reasonable (a characteristic of any good food stop during a lovely evening bar hop), and the menu was... varied... I stuck with the traditional, falafels, pita, and hummus.  YUM!  

The hummus had the perfect balance of tahini and lemon (and you get a generous bowl full).  It had a nice tang without being overpowered by the sesame.  The pitas were just crisp enough on the outside but warm and tender on the inside (they serve flatbreads, I think for $0.99 each, not pocket pitas), and the falafels could have been a little more done on the inside, but overall very satisfying.  I took a bite or two of a friend's gyro - which was traditional, warm, and good.  Made from meat sliced off a spit, not that creepy rectangular compressed stuff equivalent to Oscar Meyer bologna that you sometimes find at festival gyro stands.  Definitely a thumbs up when the hunger pangs hit while checking out the Fremont bar scene.
Took a break from working at the Beat Coffee shop across the street and popped in for lunch.  So happy I did.

5.99 for a delicious chicken gyro that was fresh and plentiful.  I have a big appetite and it made for a satisfying lunch.
I usually don't find myself walking around this end of downtown. The wandering hobos around here seem to be more disgruntled than my usual encounters in other parts of town. But, I'm not here to review downtown hobos. I'm here for some gyro talk.

Kabob Korner is a small, yet comfy little spot. Their menu had many more American items than I expected (wings, chicken fingers, burgers, etc.). I guess they have to make "general public" food to get more business. I went for something a little in between the common and traditional. For around $8, I got myself a chicken gyro combo, which came with the gyro, fries and a drink.

 Gyro was only ok. It made for a decent lunch, but nothing memorable.  I even had a bite of the super gyro (lamb) from whom I was eating with, which was far tastier than mine. Still, it wasn't tasty enough for me to go out of my way to get here. I actually enjoyed their seasoned fries more than my gyro.

Will I come back? Probably not. Though their more traditional items looked good, it didn't seem like enough to win my appeal. It looks like the only reason for me to shuffle through hobos in this part of town is the coffeehouse across the street.
I'm used to the British/Aussie spelling of Kebab so i'm going to refer to this place as Kebab Korner.

Wow if i do end up going downtown more often it's likely because of Kebab Corner. 

Found this little spot via a recommendation from Anthony M. Totally forgot about the Super Gyro so the cashier recommended the number 2 entree. 

Chicken Boti Kebab (Kabob)

I didnt like the salad at all. All it did was take up space for extra rice or another piece of chicken or a place to put the two sauces. Sure it did add a little bit of color but it was wasted space for the food.

The rice was quite superb. Very fragrant and spiced perfectly, every bite was a melody of flavors you can lose yourself in. 

The Chicken was just perfect, seasoned with just the right amount of spices, cooked to the point where there's a nice char flavor but still tender and juicy in the middle. Pair the chicken with the red sweet/spicy sauce made from dates and chilis and WOW.

The pita bread was above and beyond as well, soft and fluffy to the touch, chewy and flavorful to the bite.

Fell in love with the entree, next time going to have an affair with the Pitas.
Bomb, bomb, bomb, this place is so bomb! Definitely the best Kabob in Las Vegas. Was my first time there last night, and I had the Chicken Kabob which was recommended by the owner Ali. Man was he right.

The Chicken was grilled to perfection, the rice was tasty, the Pita bread was also the best I've had. I also fell in love with the red date sauce which was sweet/spicy, a perfect marriage with the chicken.

Service is bomb, price is bomb, Ali is bomb. I will definitely come back here again many times in the future.

Ali's Kabob Korner is so bomb, I vow never to give it up, never let it down, never turn around and desert it. Never going to say good bye and never going to tell a lie...
Gotta try the super gyro. Best $6 I ever spent.
Philly Cheesesteak, hot wings, pastrami, burger, crab cakes... Everything you want, it's delicious!! Halal for Muslims. Thank you Ali for the scrumptious spread!
And the end of the ziplining adventure, Ken M. and I stopped by this place to get some food.  Don't let the name fool you.  There is no "korner" involved with it's location.  Maybe a nook?  Anyway, it's prominent by the Fremont Street East bars.

The guy running the place was very friendly.  Being a first-timer, he insisted that I should try the "Super Gyro".  I love a good gyro, so who am I to argue with the man's logic?

So the gyro comes out, and the guy wasn't lying.  The thing was huge, and tasty.  It was actually so big and packed full of food that it started falling apart.  It was a little messy, but that's what napkins are for.  It was probably one of the best gyros that I've had in a good while.  Ken's food choices looked excellent as well.

It started out a quiet night, but the place filled up fast after we got there.  The prices are cheap, and you definitely get what you pay for, and then some.  The menu is fairly diverse, so I may have to sample a few more choices along the way, but the first impression was definitely good.

I love a good, quality hole in the wall eatery, and while there was no actual "korner" involved with my dining experience, the location where it sits works more than well enough for me.
This four star review could be skewwed by the copious amounts of booze I had that night, but the platter we had was tremendous. Chicken, Vegatables, lamb and rice. All marinated to perfection, and offered with a spicy sweet sauce on the side. Coming from Dearborn, Michigan, an area with the highest Arabic population in the Country, I have had the great privallage of marvalous Middle Eastern Food. Up to par or above average in comparison....
I'd walked by this nondescript building many times on my way down Fremont to the Cortez.

After reading some yelp reviews, I decided to stop in.

The Super Gyro (only $5.99!) was just fabulous, and the baklava I fired down for dessert was almost as good.  The food was so good, I came back the following night as well!

Give the Kabob Korner a try if you're bumbling down Fremont...it's light years better than any other fast food one can get downtown!
Great little place. The food is good, but the staff is even BETTER. If you're hanging downtown and want some good real food, definitely check this place out! The chicken kabobs were bomb and the falafel was really good too! It's really worth it just to get such exceptional service from great people!
This is good food done right. It's a no frills place. The food is cheap and filling. It also helps that the food is halal (muslim kosher). The staff is extremely friendly as well. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Super cheap food for Vegas, I went with a vegan friend who had a couple options here. I wasn't sure if they would because of how small the spot was. Food came up quick and decent. The hummus was nothing to speak of,  a bit bland, but I can't complain too much because the rest of the food was moderate. It is what it is and I wasn't expecting anything different...
Sorry Fat Greek, you look like the Skinny Greek compared to Kabob Korner's Super Gyro and the Chicken Gyro Pita which was what I ordered when we stopped in after Artifice.

I  could barely grab my pita with both hands because this thing was super stuffed, I ended up using a knife and fork because it was too huge to pick up and take a bite. It was very tasty, and I'm looking forward to returning to try the Super Gyro...ALOHA!!!
*Best Gyro in Las Vegas*

Before I begin I will say that this review is completely bias, it is only based on the amazingly delicious Super Gyro and nothing else on the menu. 

Located in a terrible place to get to unless you plan on hanging out downtown Kabob Korner is THE place to go to for gyros. Now I have yet to try anything else on their menu due to the fact that I have fallen madly in love with their Super Gyro. It is a delicious creation of meat, cheese, and flavor for a reasonable price. All of which I love. Now the biggest difference that I notice between the Super Gyro at Kabob Korner and other places is the fact that Kabob Korner puts their delicious crumbly feta cheese on it and the quality of the meat. The cheese makes a huge difference. It adds another dimension of flavor that propels the Super Gyro into an addiction. Every venture down to Freemont Street requires a stop at Kabob Korner.
With all of the heavy foods you find in Vegas, it is nice to find a somewhat healthier alternative and at a cheap price. They had quite a variety of different choices along with some of the tastiest rice and french fries I have had. 

It is a place to get a quick bite to eat that isn't a 5$ hotdog and a beer that you get in all the casinos. If you are a vegetarian or vegan this might be the only place on Fremont that gives you more options. The lentil soup was actually surprisingly better than I was expecting.
I've been wanting to try this place for a while since it's a few blocks from my work and never got around to it.  Since I've been cracking out on reading yelp reviews lately and saw that one had good reviews, I decided to go check it out.  The super gyro did not disappoint.  I *LOVE* gyros and have to say this is probably one of the best I've had.  The lamb was super tender and they don't skip on the tzaztaki sauce and feta.  In fact, they even give you a bottle of it to douse on your food if you eat in.  My wifey ordered the chicken gyro and loved it as well.  Super glad I found a new lunch spot!  :)
I told the owner I like my food extra spicy... and whatever the heck he concocted before that white apron of his.. it had me coming for more. The gyro were well prepared, every time. The meat was seasoned to perfection- you can taste the elbow grease!- and cooked with me in mind, Simply mouthwatering! The lettuce and tomatoes showed no signs of age- i believe they may have been picked from their private garden in the back kitchen. The special sauce he insisted I add to my afternoon treat was so delicious that i had to drench every bite with it!! Let me rest assure you that if you like 5-star dining and don't mind sacrificing an arm and leg, then this is NOT the place. Now, if you like a 5-star meal with a "hole-in-the-wall" check, come enjoy Kabob Korner and it's fanciful yet urban flair all for less than $10 !!
Next time I come here (and there will be a next time) I will have to try the Super Gyro.  I am on a no red meat kick, so I had the Chicken Gyro.  It was really good, with a whole lot of yogurt sauce.  A tip for anyone on a first date type situation here,  get something you eat with a fork because the Gyros are really messy.  All that yogurt sauce gets everywhere, face, hands, and drips off your chin.  Porn star face aside, I really enjoyed the Gyro.

The hummus is the bomb.  Actually, I don't know what is better, the hummus or the pita bread.  Both are the best I have had anywhere.  The pita bread is really pillowy and almost sweet.  The hummus had a nice spice to it.  Paired with the pita and it was out of this world.  

It's a small place, and easily missed, so keep an eye out.  You won't be disappointed.
I finally got to try Kabob Korner. I hardly venture downtown, but when I do, I always pass by Kabob Korner and think to myself, "One day I'll try that place". So after a happening afternoon at Vanguard, a group of yelpers and I went here for dinner. The menu, as well as the decor, can be described as none other than eclectic. Along with the gyros, pitas, and rice plates that are to be expected at Mediterranean/Greek establishments, there were a few not so expected finds such as pizza pockets and chicken wings. The decor was interesting as well- grapes hanging from the ceiling, vintage hanging lamps, and gold framed mirrors- quite a collection. Everything felt vintage-y, kind of old...Anyways, back to the food.

Chili Chicken Pita- bright red chicken pieces and bell peppers marinated in a spicy, lemony sauce, lettuce and tomatoes wrapped in a warm, buttery pita and topped w/ a spicy (Sriracha-based) creamy, yogurty dressing. The pita itself was oh-so-amazing. The veggies were fresh. The only thing I wasn't too fond of was the chicken. The chicken was fatty- grease was dripping down onto my plate- and kind of salty. Nonetheless, I did enjoy my food.

The workers are great. The food is pretty good. If you're in that area, make sure to stop by Kabob Korner. With their extensive menu, I'm sure you'll find something you want to eat.
Came with Yelpers after CMYE at Vanguard. 

Standing in line we had a laugh at the menu. For a place that has kebob in it's name, only a 3rd of the menu was of that nature. They also have pizza puffs, chicken fingers, fried catfish basket, hamburgers, etc.....I guess being the only spot serving food on that block, they wanted to represent every drunk craving. 

I got the beef kebob pita. The kebob was juicy and very strong in spices. I can appreciate that since I like stuff herbaceous/floral-y foods but I think that the corriander seeds in there need to be cut up. The veggies were fresh, the bread was chewy and soft and the yogurt was generous and cooling. 

For a pretty big pita and a drink at $6, it's a good, cheap eat if you're at Fremont East.
Stopped by here with other yelpers after CMYE at Vanguard. It's tiny, tiny place, and I'm actually surprised we FIT in there, but I'm glad we did. The gyros looked really good, but I'm the sort who ends up with more gyro meat and sauce on my shirt than in my mouth. ;P 
Ended up trying the chicken kabob.. boki? I think. It came with pita bread, rice, and a small salad, for under 10 bucks. Everything was delicious, the flavorful rice, the chicken, the pita bread, everything. Will definitely be coming back.
I really wanted to give this place at least a 4 star rating, but unfortunately the food is just not that good, it was rather disappointing. 

I've been here before and it was quite good. But this time I don't know what happened.

My boyfriend, roommate, and I ordered a super gyro, fried chicken with fries, hummus, cheese cake, and Greek salad. 

The sauce that came with the gyro had almost no taste at all, and the texture was like water. The meat was extremely salty, it seems like its covering up some flavor that I'm not able to identify. Fried chicken is also too salty, where we can't even finish the 2nd piece. Greek salad was the only dish that I would've gave a 3.5 star. The hummus was awful. It smelled like neem oil, and tasted like cardboard. And last thing we touched was the cheese cake. I don't know if anyone had ever ordered cheese cake from this place, but from the look of it, I think we are the first and maybe the last to order that. It was chalky and the top layer was almost hard.

I really liked this place. But I think it has been slacking and needs more of that TLC. I live just around the corner from Fremont street and I want the cafes and restaurants around the area to be great. So I hope the owner would see this review and take this as a constructive criticism to better its food to a 5 star quality!
Possibly the only really good food on Fremont Street. I tried the special gyro -  delicious - and the chicken boti something-or-other - very nice! The latter came with a side of soft, doughy flat bread and two sauces. The owner, Ali, was pleasant, helpful and made me a very tasty cup ofchai masala, not once but twice. 
When you're sick of marginal buffets, steak and shrimp and shrimp and steak, visit this place and your taste buds will thank you.
I tried the Normal Gyro. I wasnt up for a Super Gyro since i was attending a Photo Walk. Nice menu for all varying tastes. My Gyro and fries came out in a decent time frame. Love the seasoning on the fries. And my Gyro was delicious with good sauce and fresh vegetables. The only gripe is they have Canned Soda and on the menu it lists sizes like they had a Soda Fountain. I wish they would hook it up or bring one in. Id love to have unlimited refills instead of paying a Dollar per can cause im a thirsty individual. But thats not enough to stop me from never making this my Gyro Stop.
Got the chili chicken. It was pretty spicy and tasty.
Another gem find with the help of yelp!  Very fresh food with great flavor.  I was a little surprised the beef kabob was not just beef tips, but ground meat with spices very similar to gyro meat.  This was quite ok though since I really like gyro meat.  The fresh made pita bread with dipping sauces was really good.  Kids got cheese burgers, which were very inexpensive, but very fresh and tasty.
Who knew you could get a fantastic gyro in Downtown LV?  Just be careful venturing down here after dark, but in the daytime it's safe as can be.  The chicken gyros were huge and SO delicious!
Great chicken kabobs the red sweet chili sauce is tasty!
The best gyros or kabobs that I've had in town are here.  They also make amazing hot dogs and burgers too.  So many random different things on the item and ALL of them are good.  They take the time to make everything right, prices are inexpensive and the owners are very friendly.  I've been in here a dozen times at least this past year and it's my favorite place to grab a quick bite to eat downtown before hitting the bars.
I'm all homo about family owned places.  This joint is operated by some Punjabi Pakistani couple.  Literally, the dude cooking your food owns the joint.  I get all warm in fuzzy inside knowing that.  

Normally, we order something to-go while working downtown.  The staff is always friendly.  I wonder if they ever get stiffed by no-shows...  Anyways, the meat is seasoned very well.  The rice is awesome.  The creamy yogurt sauce isn't the normal tzatziki sauce, but it's good.  The grilled pita bread just adds to the meal.

Look, it isn't Bobby Flay quality, but the place is a damn hole in the wall at the end of Fremont.  If you're looking for some good food to soak up the whiskey from Hennessey's, then head over to the KK.
How is it that I haven't written a review of this place yet? 

I have an art gallery inside the Emergency Arts building across the street and Kabob Korner is my go-to place for grabbing a quick dinner while installing a show or before hosting a reception on First Friday.  I used to get the Chicken Gyro back when I was eating meat - HUGE, MESSY and DELICIOUS!  

These days, the vegetarian-leaning me has been getting the Falafel Pita Sandwich (which isn't on the menu oddly enough).  Same yummy, messy yogurt sauce over crispy falafel with a soft, comfort-food kind of center - stuffed inside a pita with lettuce and onions (if you want them).  Huge portions for the price.  Not a lot of vegetarian or vegan options in Downtown at the moment, so Kabob Korner really hits the spot!
Non descript location at the end of Fremont Street just before the El Cortez Casino.  The building is not much to look at, and the inside is worn, but everything was clean.

The owners are super friendly and speak about four or five languages including Punjabi, Urdu, Malay, and Arabic.  

The lamb GYRO I had was excellent.  About 6 bucks and worth every cent.  They will spice it up the way you want--hot or mild, you choose.  Fresh onions, tomato, lettuce.  Like they used to say at McD's--hot side was hot, cool side was cool.  Tasty!

Very good place for a light dinner or snack.  No beer or wine, but hey, you're on Fremont street so alcohol is a stones throw away.

Enjoy!
Apparently, the staff is friendly. This wasn't my experience while I dined there but perhaps they were having on off day. If you want to drink water and don't want to waste money on bottles, you will be disappointed to learn that the restaurant apparently doesn't have any filtered water to serve you. I chose to drink nothing in protest.
Although I was irritated early on by the quality of service, the food was another story altogether.

For the price, the portion sizes were more than adequate to stuff me and my friend full of delicious kabob. I'm an ethnic Pakistani, so I know good kabobs when I taste them, and this place definitely offers the real thing. The meat was juicy and not overcooked, and the spices were certainly adequate. The rice was also authentically prepared meatless pulao-- much more flavorful than the white rice you usually get from restaurants. The naan (white bread) was tasty, but I doubt they bake it themselves (maybe they do, maybe they don't). 
The wait time was reasonable considering the quality of the food. 
The restaurant is certified "halal" (which is basically "kosher" for muslims) if you care about that sort of thing.

If you're a Vegas local who hangs out in Fremont, you owe it to yourself to try this place.
I was looking forward to trying this place out after reading all the positive reviews.  I walked in today at 11am and waited at the counter for nearly 5 minutes for someone to acknowledge me, take my order etc.

There were a few people sitting around watching TV (not sure if they worked there)  and a few people in the kitchen who looked out at me.  I said hello?  And no one responded, came up to the counter etc.

The location is so crappy I honestly expected the service to be super friendly.  I was so wrong.

Some d-bag regular came in and barked his order over my shoulder while I was there and the kitchen and they didn't acknowledge him either.

I literally waited 5 minutes then shook my head and left, it was possibly the worst customer service i've ever seen in any place, ever.

I can't stand restaurants that are run like this.  I don't care how much i'm paying, $5 or $100 for a meal I refuse to put up with it.

If the people that were working and ignored me were the owners it's clear that they could care less about customer service.  If it's hired help, they should all be fired and replaced.

Take some pride in your restaurant!!!  I won't return here.
I stopped here for dinner, as it seemed like an interesting place near to the Fremont St Experience. It's counter service, very fast food style. I had the chicken boti cabob plate, which was tasty. The baklava was refrigerated and bland. I would stop by here again if I was in the area.
I always give a place a 2nd chance... I went back in the other night and initially the service was friendly but then took about 15 minutes to get the food.  Overall much better though!

Pretty tasty gyro and seasoned fries.  Nothing stood out though.  Want to try the hummus next time :)
Some of the best Kebabs I've had outside of the Middle East.  A cool new neighborhood, funky restaurant with lots of eclectic items, no tap water (but bottles were pretty cheap), and the owners were just chilling out and chatting with everyone, a couple of doctors and a policeman, and some great food.  A chicken kebab plate comes with salad and some delicious rice.
This five star is for the super gyro. I have never tried anything else on the menu because nothing else seems to be appealing. So, I say that the super gyro and fries are delicious, and if you find yourself downtown looking for a bite, this is a good place to stop by. You will find yourself coming back for more of this super gyro.
The burgers are awesome. Its knockout burger is the best Halal burger I ever ate in the US! The hot wings are also very good. Other dishes are mostly Indian style and good. The price is very cheap with regards to the good quality. The owner is a very funny and lovely man! We went there four times during our five days sojourn in Vegas. It is close to the Fremont Experience and you can enjoy it. The food is Halal.
The staff were extremely friendly and the food was killer. We had the lamb super gyros and they were flavorful and filling. The lamb was tender and plentiful and the price was just right. It is a little hole in the wall downtown but if you need a quick bite, don't pass it up!
With every SuperGyro comes a worthy Nemesis and Im just the guy menacing enough to take it down with a single bite! KK is exactly the type of eatery you would spot in downtown.. old, wornout, discolored light up menus.. but darn good food and dang it good portions!  The Super Gyro is always good, also the Chicken Tikka and the Beef Kabob.  What I like most about KK is they serve huge condiment bottles of Tzatziki Sauce and that tamarind sauce stuff.. them dips are the dippiest! SAUCEHH!
This is the best effin gyro I had.....super gyro all day!!!! And the owner is cool as f@$&
I love everything about this place!  The ALWAYS great food is almost incidental to the family environment and wonderful feel of this restaurant.  This is the REAL thing.  The first time that I ate there I was transported back to my Sephardic Grandmother's dinner table. And that is a rare compliment because my Nona's food was authentic, lovingly served and full of history and sustenance. 
They serve history and stories full of heritage at this mom and pop restaurant located in a vibrant corner of the emergent East Fremont corridor of downtown Las Vegas.
Come for the food but stay for the welcome to the kitchens of the Old World.
I ordered the super gyro today during prime time lunch hour. The pita was soft and acted as a perfect handheld pocket for the lettuce, lamb, tomato, onions, and feta. It was a quick, cheap and tasty lunch.
went there yesterday, i have never reviewed a restaurant but this one is so bad that i feel that i have to. i went here with my family and it was the worst excuse for middle eastern and pakistani food that i have ever seen. the owner is extremely rude, looks like he doesnt want to be there and isnt responsive to half the things that you say to him. we went around 4pm and there was not a single person in the shop other than the owner, then we sat down at the wobbly, sticky, and dirty tables and werent even offered menus or anything, we had to go up and get them from the counter. this would be fine if there was a large sign that had a list of all the foods they had to offer and what not (like at taco bell or something). i ordered the shrimp basket, it said that i would get 25 but i barely got 20 (i can forgive that) but none of the shrimp had been deveined, when i asked the owner if they forgot he said that they ordered the shrimp breaded and dumped them in the fryer. i couldnt eat them so they all went to waste and even when the owner saw that he did not apologize for it. then i ordered the falafel wrap, that was another thing that had been dumped in the fryer and put into a piece of bread. the whole thing was soggy and i was barely able to eat that. the rest of my family ordered kabob plates and the kabobs were over cooked, and the tiny portion of rice that cam with it was drenched in oil, probably so they would only have to cook rice once every 3 days. overall, dirty restaurant, soggy overcooked food, rude owner. DONT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY HERE. probably good food if you are drunk or something. it might have been a good restaurant in the past, but not anymore.
Kabob Korner is definitely not fine dining but for what it is, it's awesome.     We were downtown after visiting the Mob Museum and consulted Yelp for help with lunch and found Kabob Korner.

The place is pretty small and not anything fancy but the food was terrific.    I had the beef kabob and my husband had the Super Gyro.    Mine was really good, his was fantastic!     Mine came with a couple sauces that were very tasty - not sure what they are but they are really good.     Only other place I've had anything similar is at the Afghan Kebob House in NYC so it must be a "kabob thing".

My kabob came with rice so I didn't get fries but they looked really tasty with some kind of spices on top.     Next visit I'll go for the Super Gyro and a side of fries as I'm sure we'll be back on our next trip to Vegas.
Delish! What a wonderful escape from the strip. I had a falafel pita and it was so good! Crispy outside, hot soft inside. The hummus wasn't as flavorful as I'm used to, but everything else was perfect. Small location, and the owner or manager was super friendly. Decor was nice too, I felt like they really tried to make it cozy but still casual. Yum yum!
Since this restaurant first opened, it has been a favorite around our house. The owner put a lot of effort into the food and was always in a funny mood.
 Today (March 14, 2012), before leaving with an order, I learned that there is a new owner but am unsure if he was the surly man behind the counter. when we open the food at home, the falafel was burn't beyond edibility or recognition and the hummus tasted like chalky paste. Nothing on the plate was edible. It's so hard to count on good, affordable food in Las Vegas and this is the latest fatality in the downtown food scene. R.I.P.
I loved this place! I was in Vegas for the weekend and I came here and went the next day! I loved the chili chicken and the shrimp kabob. I found that there is one kabob korner in LA so i'm excited to check it out! I'm thinking about going to Vegas again just so that I can go here. The EMPLOYEES are nice and friendly!
This is a great place!  We had the gyros, which were excellent and the #7 plate, which is shrimp kabob with rice.  The #7 was off the charts.

All the meat was fresh and the seasonings were perfect.  

Don't let the looks of the place fool you, it certainly is a hole in the wall, but it is worth going in. 

Lal, the owner/cashier was great and wanted to make sure we had a great meal.

I'm definitely going here whenever I can.
Food here was pretty tasty, by far it is the best chicken wing in Vegas... Don't expect the wing to be batter like KFC ... Full of flavor and very minimum batter, just the way I like it... 

note- must be buzz to enjoy it as much as i did otherwise the wings are a bit salty when eaten sober... =)
The Super gyro is just that SUPER!  Place is a small little shop just off the corner of Freemonth and 6th Street.  Calypso teas and lemonades are tasty.  Wanted to try other items on the menu, but the Gyro was just too good to pass up.
4 stars for food...the super gyro and falafel were great.

2 stars for service. The place was packed, and only 2 employees.  I think the owner was working the register and there was 1 harried looking kid in the kitchen.  On a busy Saturday, that wasn't the ideal. Food was coming out to tables out of order, partial orders, and amid confusion.  Took 25 minutes to get our food.

In the end tho, the food was great.
One of my favorites on Fremont.  High quality meat, friendly service and a great, diverse menu (from middle eastern to american fair).  Prices are fantastic!  The place on Fremont East for cheap, good eats. $3.99 for a double cheese burger that I would put up to ANY burger on Fremont.   Lacking one star because if they're busy, it can take a long time to get your food.  I'd recommend calling in, or planning on a sit down dinner.   Also, lighting and atmosphere can be improved upon especially if you're interested in a sit down meal.

Thank you Kabob Korner!  You make my life better and easier!
I waiting on my two person order for 50 minutes after being quoted a 12 minute wait and the restaurant wasn't even that busy.  The guy next to me waited 45 minutes for a single order of HUMMUS.  I was on a tight schedule and the staff was rude.  Multiple people were waiting on orders and were getting mad.  Refunds were not being offered.

Ultimately the food was pretty good so I am reluctantly awarding 2 stars, but NOT worth the aggravation.
I think the location is fantastic - close proximity to all of the cool downtown joints, including Emergency Arts. I haven't had anything spicy in a while, so I opted for the chili chicken. It was one s-u-h-p-i-c-eeee bird! It came with a portion of rice and "salad" (lettuce/tomatoes), along with pita bread. This was enough for two meals actually, as I took my leftovers home and had a nice lunch.

The place is small and the wait can be a bit long. Other than that, this is an A-OK joint for some comfort-y grub when you're downtown.
Walked into an empty restaurant about 1:30pm.  Had read previous reviews so I was prepared for a long wait. Ordered two plates, waited about 35 minutes.

It definitely has a "hole in the wall" look to it, but the food is worth the wait! I'm glad I trusted the other reviewers!  I hope it's still around next time we're in Vegas.
Ok.  Unbelievable reviews brought me to this place.  It was close enough to walk too from the California hotel, even in the 116 degree heat.  2 locals even raved about it while my friend and I were in there.  We had come to the right place.  

It was not crowded at noon on the Wednesday we walked in, so we got good service with at most, a 10-minute wait for our food.  We both had the Super Gyros with fries and drinks.  Drinks were more the warm side (couldn't figure out if it was the weather or a crappy fridge) but the fries and gyros was fresh.  But I must admit, that the fries were more impressive then the gyro.  I thought the gyro was just average. 

All in all it was filling for a reasonable price (Greek food can be pricey in Hawaii); the fries were fresher and more nicely fried than most places I have eaten fries (no, not just Greek places, in my life).  I even had to use the bathroom and it was pretty neat. 

I can say this, if this is one of the better Gyros places, I'm only going here.  I'm scared to go anywhere else cause the others must be real crap.
When it's bad, it's bad.  When it's good, it's . . . decent.

Kabob Korner is a little hole in the wall in the East Fremont Entertainment District downtown that serves up some great post-bar Middle Eastern food (gyros, kabobs, hummus, etc).  If it's late night and you're crawling out of your 3rd bar of the evening, there is no better food for you downtown.  Tasty, seasoned, and salty.  You will talk about how it's the best gyro you've ever had (i.e. the tzatsiki sauce is feta-based and hyper-salty).  But if you wander in Kabob Korner sober, during the light of day, you'll leave thinking "Huh, that was a meal, alright." (not really bad or good, just decent).

So let's break down the experience by meal:
- Gyro -- meat is bland strips of overcooked lamb, topped with fresh lettuce and a tzatsiki sauce that isn't tzatsiki sauce (not dill-seasoned yogurt, but a feta-puree).  In the light of day, it's a rich sauce that will dominate the entire gyro with a salty flavor.  After the bar, that amount of salt will convince you it's the greatest gyro on the planet.
- Hummus -- bland, but well-blended.  You're pretty much eating this for an excuse to have another pita wedge.  After the bar, oh man, that toasted pita is delicious
- Kabob -- probably your best choice.  They actually season the meat and sometimes cook the chicken so it remains tender.  

Bottom line: keep Kabob Korner as a post-bar to-do and you'll be happy.  Visit in the light of day and you'll wonder why you eat there.
This is the 2nd time we have been here.  The Super Gyro is the bomb!  Not your run of the mill frozen pressed meat.  This has some substance.  They grill the meat with onion, peppers, and tomato.  Served on a grilled pita with lettuce and fantastic feta.  Priced right.  Don't let the neighborhood throw you off.  Just east of Fremont St. Experience.  I mean this is one good gyro!!!
Beef Super Gyros was good but, didn't taste like typical gyros meat ,the texture was more mushy like spam than the more compressed strips of meat I'm use to in a gyros pita. The people inside were friendly
Super gyro is bomb! Has to be one of the best gyro I've ever had. Rather than the super thin slices of gyro, they serve thick 1/3 inch to 1/2 inch slices of gyro that's seared on the outside for a nice crunch and still retains a moist inside that is beautifully seasoned. Yogurt sauce is a little disappointing but all in all, this place is better than your average Mediterranean joint!
We found Kabob Korner (it's not on a corner:)  off of Nelson Q's very helpful review on a Tuesday night when we were looking for something spicy and interesting on Fremont street not in a hotel/casino or part of a chain. Unless you live in the neighborhood, you are not going in unless you have read Yelp or gotten a personal recommendation. Just do it, tastiest budget meal of the week, WITH leftovers.

NOT fancy at all as other's have mentioned. Order at a counter, and then have a seat at one of about 8 long rectangular tables and enjoy Bollywood TV until your food is delivered to your table. This is not fast food, so relax and enjoy a different end-of-Fremont street scene view past the fantastic neon street sculptures.
No alcohol on the menu, but sounded like on Friday & Saturday nights you can byob like every other street person in Vegas. 

They were out of the Chicken Marsala which hurt, but we went with their second recommendation of Chili Chicken and Chicken Shmarma. Both were good, we preferred the Chili Chicken the spice level was about a 3/5 and just what we requested. The Gyro also looked fabulous. The Chicken Shmarma was good but would probably have preferred the Chicken Marsala (next year) and a better choice might have been a veggie plate or veggie appetizer to offset two chicken dishes. Instead we ordered the Greek salad which was so big we ate off it the next couple nights as an appetizer with some Chicken Shmarma because we had of course ordered too much food.  LOTS of perfect basmati rice and there were two table seasonings the first I can only describe as whitish, seemed like a light yogurt with light spices that was delicious, and a red that was some kind of light cayenne/ketchup and not hot enuf and a little too sweet for us to add anything to our two chicken dishes. 

They do take credit cards and the service was helpful and quietly attentive.    
Our bill for 3 plates including a huge Greek salad was just under $27 as we had byow, brought our own water. The only two people in Vegas not drinking that night remedied as soon as we got back to our overpriced The Hotel with a $10 refill on one of those huge daiquiri bongs, ahhhhhhh.
The Super Gyro is pretty darn good!
First off... I really wanted to like Kabob corner.  Based on the reviews I believed that I would.  Unfortunately, it just wasn't the case.  I ordered the super gyro and a side of falafel balls.

Pros: The meat is Halal (if that is a selling point for you) cut thick and is decently tasty.  

Cons: The meat didn't have that awesome crispy edge that I look for with gyro meat.
The yogurt sauce consistency was really thin and gooey.  Not very appetizing.  The flavor was unremarkable.
I had very little tomato and lettuce and absolutely no onion to speak of either.
Falafel,  Ehh....  flavor wasn't too bad, but they were served with the same sauce and were "doughy"

Finally, would I take a trip downtown just to go here? No.  If I was in the neighborhood would I stop by? No.  Too many better options for gyro (Kyklos) and falafel (Parsley).  And there are tons of other options downtown.  Better options can be found right on the same block.
After craving hummus and kabob for the LONGEST time, I finally decided to make a trip here. The trip was well worth it. Upon arrival, the cashier was standing there talking on the phone... took him about 5 minutes before he decided to hang up, but it worked out ok because we had no idea what to order since its been awhile. I got the chicken kabob and rice, and a side of hummus. Husband had some gyro sandwich. We'll definitely be coming back here next time we're in the area.
I'm not that in to chili chicken as a dish and I still thought theirs was pretty solid.

Naan is real good too.
You will have to be patient when you order because everything is made fresh when you order it but its totally worth it. Amazing super gyro and knock out burger. Location isn't upscale by any means but its halal and yummy. Will have to return to try chilli cheeseburger. Mm mm mm
Great food! Low price! Found in the historical part of the Las Vegas strip (aka Downtown!).

My friend showed me this small restaurant off the strip. Totally worth it for the price. I definitely recommend the chicken tikka, and I had a super full plate of the most deliciously seasoned chicken, rice, & bread (wasn't naan, more like the pita bread used with gyro). The presentation of the plate may fool you since it looks plain, but once you take a bite---the flavors are amazin'! There were 2 sauces, one just like tzatziki & the other was a sweet/sour type. The red sauce was ADDICTING! It also came with a salad.

I'd say if you're on a budget or trying to save money on other major Vegas activities (clubs, drinks, gambling, rooms, etc.), this is a place you must try!! I wouldn't mind eating here everyday while in Vegas haha. There's metered parking next to the place, so just be careful to put in the right amount of quarters b/c they're pretty strict about giving tickets when you're even a couple mins over...sadly I got one since I spent too much time enjoying/devouring my chicken.
I order from Kabob Korner all the time as do my coworkers. I'm so glad we found this little gem in Downtown Las Vegas.

Everything is good! Even the fries. Take out fries are usually plain and easily thrown away, but they have steak fries with tasty spices on them.

The pitas are good, the kabobs or good, the gyros are good, the shrimp is good, EVERYTHING IS GOOD! We have never been disappointed. Fast delivery, friendly services, very good food at reasonable prices. I recommend kabob korner to everyone!
I love this restaurant and default to visiting here when I want Gyro's.  It's not the fanciest place, and is pretty small but the food is great and it's fun to watch the music video's on the TV.
What a great place.  The chicken boti I had was some of the most tenderest morsels of meat I've ever had.  The pita was great too.  This place is tucked in the corer of Fremont St. that is somewhat hidden.  It's not on the side with the big video roof thing, so you don't have the circus of things that happen on that side of Fremont.  This place is definitely a good place to crash once you've done a good amount of wandering and getting hammered.
I am seriously kicking myself for not reading reviews beforehand.  I blame the drinks.  I would've done the gyro in a heartbeat!!!  That's not to say my dish wasn't good.  

I got the beef kabob which was fine but not memorable.  I figured the place was called Kabob Korner so I should get kabobs!  Right?  I guess not.  $7.99 is a fair price for what you get (2 kabobs, rice, salad, pita).  I will be back for everything else they offer.
This was my 2nd stop on my Jury Duty adventure I had over the last 3 weeks.  Kabobs are one of my main food groups so I was pretty excited to not have to remove them from my diet just because I was on jury duty.  

I walked in and there was only one other customer sitting waiting for his food.  I wanted chicken and the cashier who I had the feeling was also the owner and/or manager suggested the #2 combo so I went with that.  It looked pretty much like what I normally get from any Mediterranean restaurant so I sat and eagerly waited.

(note: this 1st paragraph is all about the wait for the food)  5 minutes later the other gentleman received his food.   I heard him get apologized to for the wait and figured no big deal, I had a long jury duty lunch break.  5 more minutes later a lunch rush hit, and the phone kept ringing for take out orders, and several people came in for dining in or to pick up their take out orders.  10 more minutes later and I was starting to wonder what was taking so long, but I gave the benefit of the doubt to the fact that it did seem like there had maybe been several orders called in prior to my arrival.  10 more minutes later (30 total if you cant keep up) and I heard some of the girls who had come in 15 minutes AFTER I did get their names called and food delivered.  The best part was I'd heard them order and 2 of them got the EXACT same order I did!  I made sure to look DIRECTLY at the cashier/potential owner/manager at this point with a face that I attempted to convey confusion with a slight hint of anger.  He did nothing, so I need to work on my facial emotion conveying skills apparently.   I had to get up to ask what the deal was, and it was clear he had completely forgotten about my order.   I found it a little weird that he could have done this since I was SITTING DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF HIM THE ENTIRE TIME.   He didn't seem apologetic in the least.

10 minutes later (40 minutes total) I had my name finally called and my food given to me.  At this point the cashier apologized and seemed sincere about it, and I sat down to eat.  My brain had been processing how I was going to write this scathing review and I almost was hoping the food would be mediocre or terrible just so I could write a 1-star review which is very rare for me.   Unfortunately (fortunately?) the food was delicious.  I really loved the sauce the chicken was marinated in, which was different than how I'm used to getting chicken kabobs from other restaurants.  Whether eaten alone or slathering it with one of the sauces provided the flavor was really outstanding.   The pita bread was hot and fresh (it better have been!) and I also enjoyed the rice that was served with the dish.

On food alone I probably would have started Kabob Korner with a 4 star review, but I have to dock it something for that insane wait I endured.  If the cashier/owner didn't seem so apologetic towards the end it would have resulted in a 2 star review due to the length of the wait, but I'm feeling somewhat generous today so I'll go with a 3.  

Side note, I talked to some fellow jurors a week later and they mentioned they had also visited Kabob Korner.  Unprovoked they immediately mentioned how long their wait was for their food.   I'm willing to bet it wasn't as long as mine, but based on that and some of the other reviews, seems as though it's a fairly common issue here.  Okay back to my mirror to work on my anger/WTF face.
Very casual, something you would find in nyc, that's the vibe it had. Booth seats with a tv playing indian music videos. The kabobs have an indian spice flavor, that I was not expecting, it was good. Came in for dinner, the food takes a while to come out, small operation.
No. I can NEVER avoid a new Kabob place. Not ever. Frankly, I think I would rather eat a good gyro more than any other meat related sandwich, dish, or anything. I am not Greek. I am not of any mediterranean decent, but I have the Gyro fever and there is no stopping me. 

So naturally I had to stop in when I was in Fremont to get a load of the Kabob Korner and their Super Gyro of course. 

It was a Gyro which is good in my book. It was super if you use the word super kind of sarcastically. Overall it was OK. Really, I am looking for that yogurt sauce and lamb/beef combo to knock my socks off but this super gyro was pretty super normal. 

I wouldn't hesitate to go back here. Especially for the area it is really convenient to have the best food in the world so close to old town Vegas. Next time I try it I will update this review- I hope my mind will change or I will find that gem that they cook like none other. For now I say it is worth it if you have the time, the budget and the tase for a Gyro that you just can't kick.
Such a bummer. I remember ordering samosas from here by way of Downtown Cocktail Room and they were delicious. They were just as delicious tonight, however they were frozen in the middle! Not appetizing. Gordon Ramsey would be livid! Not sure if I'd come back here knowing that they're not fresh unless I had quite a few cocktails first from around the corner
Hands down the best Afghan food in the area! Highly recommend their Knockout Burger - full of flavor and quality. Service is super friendly too and they give honest recommendations on their own menu. Visited this place multiple times in the same trip to Vegas. And you will too.
Yelp really steered me right with this one. Amazing food and service. Super nice guy working the front recommended the number 2, which was a really good chicken plate with big chunks of roasted white meat with the perfect blend of spice and seasoning, flavorful yellow rice, and fresh cooked flat bread of the gods. Took awhile to wait for it, maybe 20 mins, but they were really busy on a Friday night. It also tasted like it was worth the time waited. Can't complain. Perfect dinner for a fun night out on Fremont St, which was just a little less crowded than the strip.
I work downtown, and this place is too far to walk, but the parking is so difficult, so they deliver for a small charge, and their food is really good, and I know good Middle Eastern food, and theirs is right up there.  The food is reasonable as well, whether you work downtown, live in Vegas or just visiting, this is the place for great Middle Eastern food....thank you Kabob Korner.
So this place looks a little suspect when you first see it. And the inside is no better. The ceiling tiles are stained and old, there is a nice layer of dust on the walls and the floor needs to be mopped. The food is great, however decorum and cleansliness is a huge part. This place just looked run down and old. I didn't get a pic of the menu, but it had permanant marker writing on the signs and items they no longer serve covered by old receipt paper and yellowing tape. Had the inside been clean. It would have been an easy 4.5. The food on the other hand..... was delicious. I ordered the beef kabob plate and received a hearty meal. It had two seasoned um....meat logs? Rolled seasoned beef sticks which were spicy and flavorful. The pita was soft and fresh, but the yogaurt sauce seems watered down. Extreamly watered down. Also they served a sort of sweet berry sauce with it. I'm not sure how exactly they use it but I dipped my meat in it, and it was a great flavor contrast. Would I go back? No, not my first choice, but if I was drunk and had a craving for a gyro then yes. I might stumble there in a drunken stupor.
OMG this place is fantastic!  There is an explosion of chickeny awesomeness in my mouth.  :)  This is close to my work so I will definitely be here again.
Great gyro at a great price!  Doesn't look like much from the outside, but the Yelp reviews were good so I checked it out - glad I did
Their chicken kabobs are excellent.  French fries off the hook!!  Not too pricey, quick, and it's usually best to order to go.  Parking maybe a little bit of a hassle depending on time of day.
My co-workers and I work downtown and we attempted to order a late lunch from Kabob Korner today, and let me just say I have never experienced such poor customer service in my life! I don't know who answered the phone but we were advised that they were out of hamburgers, hotdogs, philly cheese steaks, chicken fingers, basically everything on the menu. When politely asked what was available on the menu the gentleman advised that he didn't have time to go through the menu and became agitated. After attempting to explain that we were not trying to be complicated just attempting to place an order the gentleman stated "hurry up you are taking to much time and we have other people waiting to order!" Thank you but no thank you we will no longer be ordering lunch from this establishment.
Good food at a good price should work on customer service though.
Very good food!
Searching for a 'healthy' option for lunch led me to KK. Picked up a large Greek salad ($4.99) and an order of chicken boti ($7.99). 

Wait, before I chat about the food, let's discuss the place...it's pretty narsty. Seriously, there are wilting posters of gyros on the wall. Poster of gyros? Excellent. Gross poster from 1970? Not something you want to find in a food establishment. When looking around (it took 15 min to make the boti) you can see the place is really long and the kitchen is large for what they put out. I think it's time for a remodel peeps. It should also be noted that the guy at the counter was messing around with his foot and the bottom of his sock (yep, he was in socks n sandals) before taking my order. I couldn't bear watching to see if he was handling my food, so I sat in the corner. Ignorance is bliss, no? 

So I got my order and went home. The boti ended up consisting of 5 pieces of super awesome chicken and a truck load of rice. Damn that was good chicken! Tender, spicy, yum! But 5 pieces stinks for $8. It was like eating a rice salad with kabob on top. Lame. The large Greek was decent in size for the price, but the dressing lacked any sort of flavor. Kinda reminded me of Italian house dressing (gasp!). 

This all being said, I'll be back. Def for a gyro and yes, maybe even for 5 delish pieces of chicken over a rice salad. Hold the sock grime. Actually, put it on the side.
For Muslims that are particular about eating halal, this place is a gold mine. A variety of cuisine ensures that you won't get bored by the menu quickly. They serve American staples, such as hamburgers, chicken fingers and wings etc., as well as South Asian variety dishes. My personal favorite is the chili chicken plate. 

The location is also a plus, as if you frequent the booming nightlife that's developing downtown, it's an ideal location to eat late-night or before you decide to go out to the various downtown venues.

My only wish is they bring back a few other staples that were under previous management, such as hot dogs.
My husband and I went for a late lunch and tried the chicken kabob wrap. We were not impressed. It really did not have a lot of flavor. It was really very wet and drippy. I needed at least 6 napkins, which thankfully are on the table. Maybe we ordered the wrong item. But, how can a place mess up a wrap? The place didn't seem very clean. The table was sticky.
For the price and quality of food, this is an excellent find in Vegas, and whenever I return to visit I try to stop by there.  Great hummus and Greek salads (everything fresh) - and my nonvegetarian friends speak highly of the gyros and kabobs.  This is a family run business - friendly - low key - not fancy.  Just east of the Fremont Street giltz, this is in an area that the city has been focusing on (in terms of redevelopment), so check out the area after your satisfying meal.
Came for the super gyro plate. Damn this plate! 

This is what dreams are made of. 

Keep supporting small business. This place rocks. 

Fuck corporations.
Been here twice. Excellent abd fresh tika chix and bopa chix. The entree had generous chicken pieces snd rice. Even the pita was good. Will visit again.
  Be prepared for a 10 minute wait as they freshly prepare the food. But, there's always a Bollywood movue playing on the tv.
Almost a true experience of the middle east. Great food and proper non Americanized atmosphere.

Try the chicken boti kabob #2

Not a fast food joint. They cook the food when you order so expect to wait 10-15 minutes.
Ate here at life is beautiful fest awesome food good price its all fresh and good quality and great portion size
Good gyro and boti chicken.

Nice surprise in an otherwise seedy area off Fremont Street.

No ambiance, but the owner is polite.
The food is very reasonably priced and it tastes good. But that's about it. It's not fast. They seem amiable, but don't count on anything resembling service. The tables may or may not be entirely clean. And definitely don't expect your food to look like the pictures they have up on the menu.

So, if you're in the neighborhood and in the mood for this kind of food, don't feel like spending much on a plate and don't mind slightly iffy table surfaces, this place will suit your needs.
I loved this place last time I came here , but this time they have a limited menu n the wait is more than 1 hour,  never gonna come back here again!
Review of Gyros: 

Meat is allegedly Kronos, but the meat was very salty (unlike Kronos meat), so either they EXTRA salt it when grilling... or it's not Kronos.

The sauce - why oh why put a sauce that's going to melt and evaporate on the bottom of a Gyros ???? I had soup in the bottom of my Gyros basket, and almost no sauce on the Gyro .... /grrr

If you want Feta and lettuce on a Gyro then by all means, but I ordered mine without. 

There was a parade of foreigners coming in and out for their Curry dishes (Indian/Pakistani) food, so I'd say it's got to be pretty good, or it's the only place around to get Halal (meat).
Gyros and kabobs are great. I recommend the super gyro and the shrimp kabob. 

Service can be a little slow, but it's totally worth the wait.
Most delicious and fresh kabobs and tandoori chicken I've had in a longg time. Owner is polite and nice. Service was slow - but the food was sooo goood we ordered more and did not care how long it took. Dont know why everyone has been so negative. Kabob Korner should be at least 4 and up stars. Isn't it the awesomeness of food that eventually matters.
In Vegas you have to try the food. Very delicious and fresh meat. Kebabs are the best.
Ordered the chicken boti by phone with the owner, was told it would take an hour. When I got to the restaurant he brought out chicken koobideh instead. When I said I ordered boti the owner said "yes this is chicken boti". I was upset that he took me for a fool considering there is a picture of the chicken boti right there on the menu board (I was also there the day before and order the boti), but rather than wait another hour I went ahead and ate the Koobideh, which is NOT on the menu. It was good but definitely no chicken boti. Very disappointed that the owner doesn't care enough about his customers to be truthful and admit his mistake because the food really is delicious.
I'm from los Angeles but Every time I'm in Vegas, I make sure I drop by. The food here is incredible. It's the best Indian Pakistan halal food I have ever had anywhere .....
Kabob Korner is located right across the street from Fremont Street Experience. If you blink, you'll miss this small hole-in-the wall treasure. True that the decor and ambiance leave something to be desired, but the food is really tasty. I always order the Super Gyro for $5.99. For an extra $2.00, you can upgrade to steak fries and a canned soda. The gyro meat is moist, and their homemade pita bread is soft, also, The steak fries are crispy. Manu people are turned off by the atmosphere, but if you like great food at a great price, then K.K. is for you!!
The same guy that takes your order, cooks your order, plates your order, then serves your order. Palestinian home cooking at its best! So what? You have to wait...you never rushed your gramma for some cookin' from the heart.
Good food good price plus its halal which is hard to find also they are greedy half chicken for 10 bucks hard to find thank god for the good food thnx kobab korner
You always have to wait here, even if u call in...be patient food is good....!
Had to up the star rating here. Sure, the interior is still the capital of Grime City, but the super gyro is tasty and the chicken boti, while small in quantity, is still a good dish. Plus, I didn't see any bare feet this go-round. Seriously though, the gyro meat is solid. Moist, spicy and flavorful, it's def the star in this sammie. As usual, prepare to wait 10 min for your order. (Call ahead!)

New tastes: 
Hummus (avoid)
Greek salad (sub par)

Hmmm. Maybe it should be a 2.5 star rating....
I LOVE THIS PLACE....i love everything about it...so what if the tables teeter totter a bit or you have to wait for your food?! the food and price are superb and that's all i care about!!
They say this is the only halal restaurant in Las Vegas. That is not true. There are plenty. Also this is definitely not Pakistani cuisine. More like fusion of Pakistani and middle eastern. That being said, no complaint here on that because the food is epic! 

Almost everything on the menu is good. Their burger is different than a regular American style burger and it is really good! 

1 star less due to parking issues. Downtown is not parking friendly and you have to park far away on the streets and walk here.
I had to wait 30 minutes for my food and there was only one other couple in the restaurant waiting for their food. They got their food before me and I was first. Interior/bathroom was disgusting and it wasn't worth the wait/money. Never common here again
I tried the beef gyro and was so good and the chicken strips and hot wings all was good and great
Fish and chips was good! The chicken fingers were okay, but dry. They gave tons of fries. No parking unless you look. 

Be carful to look at the menu. The paper one, which is more convenient, has different prices then the wall. You will be charged more money if you don't pay attention. 

Customer service was okay. Not welcoming but he did remember my name throughout experience. 

Haven't tried gyros, which could be good!!
A friend of mine loves this place but he didn't really tell me what's there to love. We were walking around in DTLV and I got hungry after having a few drinks but I wasn't in the mood for pizza or burgers...I want something grilled. Kabobs!

This place is definitely a hole in the wall. It's not fancy. Heck, it's not even clean! The booth I sat on had a hole with a bit of tape on it. Fine, maybe the food will make up for it. The first time I attempted to eat here, they were closing in an hour and the guy at this place was driving people away. We got here around early dinner this time.

Beef Tika:
Comes with rice and salad. Tender, juicy and tasty piece of grilled meat. There's hint of garlic. 4/5

Beef Kabob:
Comes with rice and salad. It was alright. Nothing memorable. 3/5
Came in for a $5 gyro and ended up with an almost $8 super gyro for one reason or another: out of beef but I wanted feta.... The meat and pita were both hot and the lettuce and tomatoes cold so that was good. Tzatziki,  onions and feta were a treasure hunt to find. The lamb was seasoned well but had too many fatty pieces in it for my taste.
The service is awful but besides that the owner has a very smart mouth on him and is very rude. If you show any concern he seems to want to punish you and say your order wi take 1 hour and make u wait. He is very inconsiderate and literally a smart mouth. He charges extra on the bill so make sure you check your biil. Food is nothing to brag about. And with his attitude not worth it all.
Not too shabby for my second visit. Service took a long time. Not sure if that was due to it being a Friday night or not. Chicken Kabobs were tender. Salad and rice were good. Pita was also not bad. Decor didn't match the updates of downtown. Kinda fun not amazing.
Was searching for Halal food and found this place when I first moved to Vegas. Dined here a few times and the food has been excellent every time. I had the Gyro and the Burger. The burgers are okay but the Gyros are incredible. I've tried the Kabobs here as well and they are phenomenal.

Only thing I didn't enjoy were the chicken strips. They were dry and overcooked. The ambience isn't all that great but who cares, the food is awesome!
Food is veryyyy good. Customer service is not so good. But it's worth if for the food!
I love the chicken tikka, while my husband loves the gyro.  The owner is really nice.  The place is small and can get kind of crowded at peak hours, but most of those people are doing take-out, it seems.  I've never had to wait very long.
This hole in the wall, literally, you will know what I mean when you see the place is right on Fremont Street East, next to Inspire theatre.  I could have looked past everything that was wrong with this one and given them 5 stars on food alone, the gyros are amazing here.  They have a super gyro and its made with lamb meat, charred and with real feta and a special sauce, not cucumber sour cream, but somehting perfect for the full balance of the tastes.Pita was charred and fluffy with that warmth of naan that melts in your mouth. The chix Gryo is amazing as well, I have a feeling everything has a great taste and silly good lamb meat!   5 star food.   I had to ding em on atmosphere, dont take a date here, a little grundgy, unless she is a grundy little rabbit..lol   It just feels really run down inside, like 1.2MM tourist have been there on the chairs from the 50s, and plexiglass tables, DING!   I could have even looked past this the food was so good, BUT, the service, while it was made to order, the service guy was kinda short with me.  Whatever, give me my damn Gyro so I can slam my face it in, in my car, and my belly is super happy!   Im Happy I stopped, I will be back for a to go order, bravo!   Solid grinds here.  Get some.   CHEAP!  under 8 bucks!
Honestly the food is good.  I have to give this review because the person behind the counter is staring at me while I eat and I can feel their hate for me coming off in waves.  I'm not sure why, but I'm positive he is imagining my death. 

Also the table is really sticky.
Great food great price. This hole in the wall gyro shop has a lot to choose from and is quite tasty. Highly recommend.
Nice restaurant.... In downtown las vegas.....food is tasty....but it takes a long time ..... so order ahead...When you reach food will be ready....famous for gyros.....and spicy chicken entrees.......parking is another pain.....Overall a good place to eat.....
under a new management.

Food quality and quantity went down. got pricey.
No one to clean the sticky tables. so unhygienic

taste: No Good.
wait time: 1hour

guys at the counter are staring and have no respect for the customers.
better to find a new place.
Real talk, I just got out of the bathroom. I have an iron stomach and this place gave me issues. The sauce on my gyro was above room temp. The veggies on it were wilted and the tables were sticky. There was also an unusual smell in there. Almost like a sewage smell. Usually I give places a second chance to sway my review but I don't think I'll be going there again.
Owner is psycho but food is good. If you can ignore psychotic tendencies of the owner and mind your own business it's tolerable. But once again let me warn you, owner is a freak.
Love the food, but there is no consistency in the opening times. The place could use a makeover. The appearance is a deterrent to new customers.  

We miss Ali!
I had probably the best gyro I've ever eaten at the Kabob Korner. If you're concerned about cleanliness, ambiance, or service; this might not be your restaurant. If you want some delicious, cheap, Mediterranean cuisine it comes highly recommended.
We've passed by Indian Paradise on many occasions going to Costco and decided to check it out after an Indian friend told us that they dine there.  When we went in, we saw quite a few tables of Indians eating which was very reassuring.

We went for the $8.99 lunch buffet and found the food to be good not amazing.  The naan seemed like it was baked in a regular oven - not puffy like when it comes out of the tandoori oven, such as the ones at Tandoori Times.  All the chicken was tender except for the chicken in the masala which was a bit dry - I'm guessing that they used the previous day's buffet's tandoori chicken.  The veg dishes were all flavorful except for the lentil soup which was quite bland.

Buffet offerings consisted of:
- pappadum (thin crispy spiced wafer with spices)
- channa masala (chick peas in a spiced gravy)
- dal makhani (lentils in tomato butter sauce)
- navratan korma (assorted veg in a creamy sauce)
- saag (spinach cooked in spices)
- chicken curry
- chicken masala (tandoori chicken in tomato butter sauce)
- tandoori chicken
- lentil soup / tomato soup 
- assorted pickles and chutneys
- basmati rice
- fresh-baked naan is brought to your table
- rice pudding is the sole dessert

I'd come back to try their extensive offering of lamb dishes on the dinner menu, especially given what an ethnic wasteland North Scottsdale is.  The prices on the online menu seem a bit dated - dishes are in general $1 more.
Given the propensity of chain restaurants in the area, it's refreshing to have something a little different and a lot delicious for a quick lunch in the Airpark area.   The lunch buffet at $8.99 is reasonable, and the offerings actually change on a daily basis.   The service is a little lackluster, but it's a lunch buffet so I'm not looking for someone to attend to my every whim when I can pretty much handle myself.    I've never seen this restaurant hurting for lunch customers; mainly Indian.  Try the Saag; even if you're not a spinach fan it's creamy, spiced just enough, and is a great invitation for you to use it to finish up every last bite of the fresh naan.
Given the scarcity of good ethnic options in the North Scottsdale area, Indian Paradise deserves another star.  We've been on an ethnic binge this week and decided to check out the buffet lunch again.  

The garlic naan was brought hot to the table and refilled when our basket went empty.  It had a great crispy charred exterior.  The tandoori chicken tasted brined which probably contributed to the tenderness.  Pretty good selection of veg options like veg korma (mild creamy sauce), dal makhani (lentils), chana masala (chickpeas) and saag (spinach) with potatoes.

All in all a great value and we look forward to coming back for the weekend champagne brunch which is priced at $11.95 and includes one drink.  Buffet offering is also supposed to be more extensive.

Don't forget to grab a bag of crispy spiced snacks on the way out.  They're better than chips and very addictive.
I came in here for a co-workers birthday lunch, and I was very impressed with the place.  First off, you can't beat the $8.99 lunchtime buffet.  They had your traditional Indian offerings out there, such as curry chicken and tandoori chicken, along with some others options that those who might be more versed in Indian cuisine might give a try.  The Naan was crisp and our basket kept getting refilled as it became empty.  The service was a little slow, even though it was a buffet, but since I work in the area I see myself coming back here time and time again for lunch.
I am glad we found this spot! 
It was recommended from an Indian friend of ours and he is just about the most pickiest man alive. So we called them up and placed a big ass feast phone order. Service was great and helpful even though I cannot pronounce many of the menu items correctly.

Lots of vegi options and everything was really flavorful. The pricing is totally reasonable too. I have been back twice in 3 weeks.

I would recommend this place for great take out, a date night, lunch and more.
I have only been here for the lunch buffet, which, at $8.99 is a steal. Seriously, this place is great. It tends towards to more traditional, heavier north indian cuisine, but all of it is done to perfection. The na'an is wonderfully cooked and always plentiful. This place is also great because it offers a wide selection of vegetarian options. A little off the beaten path, but worth checking out!
Great place to go for your Indian food fix... The lunch is buffet style and everything I tried was great. They had the classics like tandoori chicken which was great and I love the charcoal taste from the grill. Tika Masala which was good as well. No complaints except there was no one in there! 

If you have a hankering for Indian food make sure you go, we need places like this in the airpark... I can only eat so many sandwiches! It's very clean, the people are nice and the food was good.
Had dinner here last night with my wife and daughter.  Food was great and the owners/staff were very attentive.  Will definitely be back.
Swung by IP for lunch today and as always, it was a nice buffet lunch.  They had the 2008 Cricket World Championship on the TV and yep just like the last time I saw the 2008 Cricket World Championship there, the same team won.  Haha, jk, I don't know if it's the same game but more often than not, the TV is turned to a game of Cricket.

For those of you who haven't tried the buffet lunch, swing by and do yourself a favor.  The establishment is clean, the food is nice and hot, the service is great, and the curry chicken is delicious.  If you happen to show up and curry chicken is available - definitely try it.  The sauce looks a tad greasy but c'mon - you only live once right? 

In all seriousness though - it's a nice place to load up on Indian food but the buffet has a limited variety day to day.  In fact, it's the SAME thing every day so if you're a creature of habit (like I am) then you'll be happy as a clam but if you're always looking for a variety of Indian dishes, ummm...  become a creature of habit?
i loved the food very much. i had aloo-baigan (potato, eggplant) curry and garlic nan. the food quantity was generous and i ended up packing some for home. but i think the price was too high.

overall great experience.
Yum! Dottsy, Mike and Ayesha included me on an Indian run last Thursday and I'm soooo glad we tried Indian Paradise. It is forever away (okay maybe only 12 miles from my place) but I was up by Hayden anyway.  At 7PM on a Thursday there were only half a dozen other diners sprinkled around the fairly sparse room. I have to say it seems a bit cavernous and light on the decor. Whatever, I'm there to EAT, not to redecorate, so let's get to the main event. 

We started with Pakora, which were different looking from the pakora I've had before, tasted fine though. I ordered the Mutter....Mutter...crap I can't remember the name. It was mushrooms and peas in a creamy delicious sauce. I have never seen it before and it was so good I didn't want to share. I also had yellow lentil soup which was decent, and I managed to try the Dal Mahkani (christ I'm bad with names), and the Cauliflower and pea dish. All very standard Indian dishes, familiar by taste if not by name (clearly...)  and all executed classically.  As I tucked into these delights I realized it has been such a long time since I last had Indian food and now that I'm typing this a week later I realize I'm craving it again. 

Our server was very polite and just attentive enough and the food came out really quickly which was great because I wanted to eat my fist at that point. I have to say that the prices were great, because I didn't pay. Thanks Mike! But I had noticed very reasonable price tags on the menu so this will be my go-to place for solid Indian from now on.
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the valley that I have been to so far. I like the Chicken Korma and Vindaloo.  I have been here several times and it is consistent and good. 

the bad:  they  charge for rice. On the whole, it's on the expensive side, maybe I should go for the buffet but I'm generally not a fan of buffets.
Good location and broad range of choices on the buffett.  Service was adequate, price wasn't too bad, and a few of the buffett items were quite good.

Only downsides I've experienced are the occasional use of french fries on the buffett as "vegetable pakoras".  Unacceptable.  Also, not all of the buffett selections were put out and I was there a good 30 minutes after opening.
I always love being pleasantly surprised. I love driving to Scottsdale Airpark for Indian food, expecting nothing special (as to not get my hopes up) and being very pleasantly surprised. 

Mr. Hottie was coming into town and I had Erin and Ayesha rounded up for dinner at another venue. Well, Mr. Hottie throws me a curve ball by texting me during a layover to state "I'm craving Indian food." I think to myself "Keep cool chica, sure you can find a good spot on last minute's notice!" So I hop on Yelp and try to find a good Indian joint that is NOT located in the East Valley. Yay! Indian Palace pops up on my search. Suh-weet! So I alert my girls of the venue change and off we go! 

When we arrived at the strip mall location, and walked in, I noticed how big the place was! It reminded me of a big warehouse that was converted into a restaurant. I was also hit with the smell of spices and gravies which was actually impressive because this was on the eve of the complete loss of my sense of smell and taste due to a terrible cold. 

The menu for dinner was quite large. I chose the Chicken Tikka Masala (my fave) while my dinner partners chose a few other dishes. Everything was delicious and made to order. I ordered my masala medium, while Ayesha ordered hers spicy and it seemed to come out as ordered. The one draw back that I had with this place is that they charge for rice to go with your meal, but we soon got over it and enjoyed our wonderful meal! 

I returned with Ayesha on a Sunday to try their lunch buffet. It was very good and large! For about 12 bucks, you had a choice of about 10-15 dishes, rice, naan, and a drink (champagne was an option for Sunday). On that day there was a very large birthday party being seated and I think they sat about 30-40 people with more revelers coming in the door. So, the restaurant is no small cafe, for sure! 

Indian Paradise is the place to go if you don't want to drive to Arizona's "Silicon Valley" (Chandler/Ahwatukee area). Their food is flavorful, and delicious. I look forward to trying them again very soon!
Oh, tasty! Very tender vindaloo, and the chicken tiki masala was fantastic. I can't call myself an expert in Indian cuisine, but my un-skilled palate was quit satisfied. 

Staff was efficient and friendly. I think I'll make this a regular lunch stop!
We just moved to Phoenix from Colorado. In Boulder there are tons of Indian food and Nepali places to choose from and my family is also Nepali, so when it comes to that style of food, I know what I am looking for.

So when my husband and I were in the mood for some home-cooked food (we dont have a kitchen yet) we yelped up the best restaurant and drove about 45 minutes to get there. When we got to Indian Paradise it was just after 5 so we were the first ones in there. We ordered daal, chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, garlic naan and vegetable samosas.  We are always wary of trying new places for Indian cuisine because we are soo often disappointed, but this restaurant was a very pleasant surprise. It was really very delicious. Some of the best chicken tikka I have ever had. I ordered mine at medium spice but I probably could have had it more spicy. I also tried the chicken curry that the hubby ordered and it was very delicious!! We were very very pleased with the food over-all and will most definitely go back even though it was more expensive.

The staff was also very nice. We told (I'm assuming) the owner that we were new and we found this place on yelp and he was very happy about that. We asked of some places to go with some hindu culture and he graciously gave us some ideas. He also gave us his card and told us to call if we needed help finding anything culture based. 

The only down side was that I DID get some dirty looks from a woman who pulled up in a yellow corvette. I'm assuming she just is not very well cultured. We eat Indian food with our hands because that is how it is meant to be eaten. I swear it tastes better that way! Ask anyone from India or Nepal and I guarantee you they do eat with their hands and will show you the technique. So when we had been craving some home cooked food I decided I was going to eat it how it tasted best. The dirty looks were well worth it though because the food was SOOOOOO good. Completely satisfying. I am very very glad that we made the drive up there (we live all the way at baseline and central). The left-overs the next day were awesome! We will definitely be back.
I love Indian food and IP was a great place for a fast fix. Great selection. Good service. Friendly. Very good food!
This place is amazing! I've eaten here countless times and can honestly say that I've never had a bad experience! The people are extremely friendly and attentive. 

The lunch buffet is where it's at! The food always tastes fresh and never seems dried out from heat lamp exposure! The chicken tandoori and chicken curry are to die for!! 

I really can't say enough nice things about this place. If you like Indian food or want to try it, eat here. You won't be disappointed!
What I said in my last review... Still not very busy though so those of you in the airpark for lunch or just want to make a trip to have a good dinner. Make sure you stop by here and get some good Indian food.

Tandoori chicken and the Chicken curry are the bomb!
I've had chicken tikka masala at different places around the country. This time it had a different, wonderful flavor. The rice was perfect, garlic naan hot crisp and chewy. I tried the mango dessert, like ice cream. Everything was delicious. Service was polite and very attentive. I didnt think you could find great Indian food in Scottsdale.
Picked this place based on Yelp reviews while in Scottsdale on a business trip.  I ordered Chicken Korma, Chicken Pekora and Naan and brought it back to my hotel room.  It was fantastic.

The korma had a nice thick, creamy sauce and the chicken was tender.  I've never had chicken pekora before, and it was delicious as well.

The restaurant decor is nicer than you'd expect from a strip mall restaurant, but certainly nothing fancy. They have a lunch buffet 7 days a week which I would love to try.

A great find in North Scottsdale.
We were recently in Scottsdale on a house hunting trip and like others we Yelped to find a great restaurant. We were not disappointed with Indian Paradise. As we pulled up in front of this quaint restaurant in the strip shopping center near the airport we could smell the delightful aromas. The restaurant is casual (we were in shorts and a jeans skirt and were fine). The restaurant was clean and service was polite and attentive without being overwhelming. 

We ordered samosa to start which were fantastic. The samosas were well seasoned and not at all greasy. YUM! 

We followed the samosas with Chicken Tikka Masala (the yard stick by which we judge all Indian restaurants) and the Bhindi-Go-Pizaz ( a vegetarian okra dish). The food was outstanding. We ordered the meals "medium" and found them to be well seasoned and not at all hot. If you like something more spicy, I would suggest you order it hot. The staff was quick to refill soft drinks at no charge and without prompting. 

Overall it was a great experience - we will definitely go back.
Bit too expensive. Their buffet is good, better value than ordering individual entrees. Disappointed with their desserts or lack of it on the buffets. Unfortunately they seem to be the only Indian restaurant around North scottsdale. Good for them, they may survive.
Hurray! Indian food found! Having lived in Boston for a year where you can't help but dine on Indian food frequently I was quite hopeful to fill that void when I moved to Phoenix. Yelp came to the rescue!

I went around noon for the buffet and was immediately greeted with the delicious smells wafting outside the restaurant. Once inside we were quickly shown a table and drink orders taken. 

But onward to the food! There were probably 10-12 main items available; I was happy to see about half of which were vegetarian selections (yay for veggie korma!). The food was actually well spiced for being at a buffet. Actually, it was probably the best seasoned Indian I've ever had! I'm not one for spicy as hell food, but come on... how many bland Indian buffets have I had? (don't ask) The vegetables were cooked perfectly - not too mushy - and the chicken tikka masala I tried from my partner's plate was quite tender.

The staff was polite and attentive; drinks refilled and used plates taken away promptly. The establishment appeared clean, charming and was quite busy with other diners.

Oh I will be back. Oh yes. Oh yes.
Tasty, Tasty! I haven't had good Indian food since I was in Seattle last winter. Indian Paradise was a great surprise. I read everyone's reviews on here about it, and since it is close to my work, decided to stop by for the lunch buffet. It was so good, flavorful with a good selection and they place had an understated atmosphere. The staff was very nice. They lunch buffet costs around $9 and an entree costs around $12. The meat is pretty good quality, though there is that is some fat in it but you can pick it out quite easily. The chicken tikki Marsala is to die for!
Having worked in the Scottsdale Airpark area going on 9 years or so, I've eaten lunch just about everywhere. There are plenty of good places, but not many ethnic places... Indian Paradise has the distinction of being both great and ethnic. I've only ever eaten there for the lunch buffet, and it is AMAZING!

I keep thinking that I'm gonna be disappointed, eventually... But every single time I have dined here I have come away extremely satisfied and in dire need of a nap. I keep asking myself, how can it be so good? Is it cocaine? Cocaine in the food?! Is it?!

They have different buffet items on different days, but the the mainstay curry chicken remains a favorite of mine. On Friday there is a mushroom dish that I dream about... and on Thursday they have stuffed jalapenos that are a little hot but oh so gooooooood!

Be sure to save some room for the rice pudding, 'cause it's delicious.
Dal, alu and curry goat, mmmm I want to go back right now.... On the way over there I  was like, is this gonna be a regular stop because of the distance, but after yesterday I'll be going back.

We arrived when the buffet was still being served, which was cool because we got to sample a little of couple dishes... had the regular items you get at an indian buffet the tandori chicken, curry chicken but i skipped over to the goat, the tikki chicken was good and they also had the cheese version for the vegans and other vegan items as well... ordered an alu paratha of the menu, even though they brought out plain and garlic ones to the table, had to taste more :) the dal was very well season and gave me that home taste style actually all their food was season nice, not something you find at a buffet style.

The service was really good, the place was kept very clean, restroom as well.
A very, very average restaurant.   Based on the reviews here for the lunch buffet, I gave dinner a try.   Of many Indian restaurants I've tried throughout the world, this was at the bottom 10%.   So don't expect much.   (And do not order the Pakoras.   The worst!)

But, this being Scottsdale, it seems that folks will settle for just about anything.
I've seen this place on my way to Costco and always wanted to try it. After my amazing facial at Kohler Academy I decided to stop in solo for lunch. It was about 12:30 and the place was pretty crowded. I ordered an ice tea and decided to go for the buffet. Everything looked and smelled delightful so I followed the other diners down the line-o-goodness.

 OMG i LOVE this place! From the tomato soup that I started with I knew I was in for a good ride. I pulled a piece of naan into pieces and dropped in into the soup while it cooled off a bit and then dug in and really didnt want it to end! I'm not even that crazy about tomato soup, but this was tops!

Next I got some rice and ladled some chicken curry and chick tikka masala over it. Then I went straight for the palek paneer (?) spinich stuff. After adding mint, tamarind and yogurt sauce on the side, my plate was full. Back at the table I dug in and was so damn happy with everything I couldn't help but smile (love that feeling!!). Both chicken dishes were so tender and flavorful and the spinach was so good that after the first bite I knew I was gonna get more. 

Round two I decided to try the veggies. I got more spinach (natch) and also the peas with homemade cheese ( thats what it said on the sign, I dont remember the Indian name) and the chana masala-a garbanzo bean dish. Holy Buddha it was all so incredible that I wished I had someone there to gush to. I could barely finish everything from being so stuffed, but somehow I managed. I guessed to myself how much the check would be- 19, 20 bucks maybe? Try $12.85!!!!!!! I can't wait to bring my bf back here! This is one of my new fav's!!
Wow.  This place was delicious, the ambiance felt authentic and our waiter seemed to emanate "The Heart of India" that of which I have often heard.

My wife and I were in search of food on a late Monday night and we found Indian Paradise on Yelp.  We ordered the Chicken Madras, Palak Paneer, and Garlic Naan and I liked it so much I found myself eating too quickly and wishing I could fit more in my stomach!

The naan was among the best I've had and the ingredients in the Chicken Madras were savory and delicious.  My wife, who spent months in India, said she was immediately harkened back.

Overall, I love Indian food and I loved Indian Paradise.  I humbly offer my 5 stars in thanks for their sumptuous meal.
Coming from a place and age where the most exotic ethnic food was considered to be Taco Time, I have spent  many years experimenting with all kinds of different foods.  One of my favorites is Indian food, and thanks to Microsoft and other tech companies, who use workers from India,  there are many more Indian restaurants now scattered throughout the country.  I am not an expert on the food (in fact, until recently, I never understood why Bollywood movies were always playing in Indian restaurants).  But I do enjoy it, and try every Indian restaurant I can find.

I started going to Indian Paradise several years ago, and loved it.  It has a nice interior, and the servers are very nice and helpful.  I always seem to come in the early evening, before they are busy, and I always feel somewhat spoiled the way they treat me.  I love their masalas, curry, and naan, and have, of course, tried all of their Indian beers. I also find the different tandoori dishes delicious.

I might note that I have never made it to the lunch buffet - I always seem to be golfing at that time so I'm just never in the area .  But it is on my list of things to do.

***Bollywood - Bollywood is the name given to the Mumbai-based Hindi-language film industry in India.The term Bollywood was created by conflating Bombay (the city now called Mumbai) and Hollywood. Bollywood films are usually musicals. Few movies are made without at least one song-and-dance number. Indian audiences expect full value for their money; they want songs and dances, love interest, comedy and dare-devil thrills, all mixed up in a three hour long extravaganza with intermission.
Got together with Brian S today to give this place a try.  They have more or less the "usual" dishes that you expect at an Indian buffet, but everything is cooked & seasoned just right.  The Chicken Tandoori was flavorful & moist, there was tomato soup that was some of the best I've ever tasted.  They offer an adequate selection of salad items, too.  The other items aren't all soupy, except the ones that are supposed to be, & the seasoned naan bread was excellent too, & sliced just right.

Lunch Buffet $9.95

PS:  The host & hostess were extra nice!     :-))
hmm Indian food sounds good tonight, well I am in luck, Indian Paradise is but a mere hop skip & a jump jump, so off we go.
Ordered vegetable samoosa's, Rogan Josh and Shahi Kofta Curry.  Both were lamb dishes and both were very good.

I will certainly venture back and look forward to going for lunch!

Our service was just outstanding, absolutely superior, tops!!!  You just can't beat a staff who perform their duties whilst expressing such happiness!  Right!?!

And above all else, they play cricket on their TV!  When I found this out, it was a done deal for me, YAY!!!  AND, the food is good, life is pleasant :-)
The staff was friendly and the food was great. Good enough for me.
Very Friendly; seemed to be family owned style restaurant. It was Sunday and raining pretty hard at 11:30am, We did not realize they did not even open until Noon but they saw us drive up and came out to invite us in to get comfortable and said they'd be ready within 10 minutes to serve us
 (They made a point to be ready even before they typically open-WOW-Great customer service!) They suggested things to try and they had Awesome Food! and Nicely priced, I may add. Sunday is a buffet for 12.95 which includes your drink, soda or a glass of champagne I think. This was a buffet unlike I have ever had all fresh home made tasting Indian food. Food Suggestions The Goat Curry and The Chile peppers.
Whenever i order a dish anywhere i eat, i always mention that i would like it spicy at least twice. Like, i'll say something like, "can you make that spicy?" and then affirm by saying something else similar to "and that's spicy, right?" Or, "when i say spicy, i mean i want to burn my face off." Whenever i don't receive an adequate amount of heat, i just blame it on the fact that i was with a white person. So, the fact that i ordered a dish spicy and didn't get it spicy is not really a big deal, because the person i was with was really white, but i think that it's worth mentioning anyway.

I think this place needs to work on it's vegetable pakoras. They were just fried rounds of potatoes in some sort of dull garbanzo bean flour batter. 

This place is extra medium, at worst and at best.

Ordered paneer tikka masala, the ingredients seemed fresh. Like i said up there, no spice. It was a dull paneer masala, like for white people. I'm can say with a definitive stance that this place is totally average, because my guts did not feel any distress at any point afterwards, however, i did keep wanting to eat the damn dish...maybe because of my unhealthy addiction to indian food, or maybe because of the crack...?

Naan was fantastic, and the mango lassi was pretty standard, but the lassi was in a giant glass, so hat's pretty awesome.

Average, and not worth the drive out of PHX, but if i lived in the area i would go again.
Back again! Great as usual! We will be returning regulars to this place!
Awesome food.
The first good Indian food I've had! I think I'm now a fan!!!
I came here after consulting Yelp about where to eat for lunch, I decided on this Indian restaurant. Sorta hidden in a plaza among  a buncha of business building, it has a clean and decorative interior. 

I went for their lunch buffet which is $10/person. The buffet consisted of 3-4 meat curries an 3-4 vegetarian curries with about 5-6 side dishes (samosas, veggies, etc). There's enough rice and naan to go around!

The service was okay, as long as you aren't afraid to flag someone down and at 12noon the place was about half full, so not too crowded.

The actual dishes were yum! Pretty tasty, yummy, but a bit heavy. Usually I can fit 2 rounds of foods in my bell-ay, but this time I couldn't even get myself to finish my second plate. And as usual, I shed a tear because there was leftover Indian food on my plate that I couldn't fit in my stomach. *cry*!!
Came in during lunch for the buffet. I was expecting the standard buffet items (which they had) but I also saw a few things that are not. Always a fan of Chicken Tikka Masala they also had a Paneer version, yum! They had some really good seasoned roasted jalapenos that made a great addition to the plate, added nice heat and flavor to the dishes. In addition to the naan on the table they also offered Puri at the buffet. This was a nice option. 
The desert was different, it was white and had a distinct rosewater flavor to the syrup.  I am used to the softer donut hole type, Gulab Jamun, in a cardamon honey syrup.  This I have come to find out was Rasgulla.
I definite enjoyed the variety and the quality of the food. Not enough for 4 stars but I would go back if in the area and craving Indian cuisine.
Indian food is often minimized by attempts to make it less exact and somehow more palatable by other cultures.  This is at the cost often of not allowing the original beauty of the cuisine to be savoured by all. In fact, my visit to the Indian Paradise was not without some sarcasm and pessimism on my part given that so many places in the area get it wrong when it comes to this genre.  
Boy, was I wrong!  Don't let the fascade of the place fool you.  When you enter, it takes a few seconds to smell the fact that you are going to have the genuine article here.  If you go at lunch time, you can experience the buffet.  I went on a Sunday afternoon and the place was perfectly poised for a sunset dining experience.
ALL the food...from the nan to the lamb curry, to the tea, to the samosas to the califlower....EVERYTHING was really good.  But I have to also add that there was a certain family-like atmosphere created by the staff and the service was unassuming yet intuitive.  I found that I did not want to leave.  I just wanted to stay here and talk and snack a little.  That's kind of hard to achieve in a strip mall restaurant yet, this did not feel like that.
You should go for yourself and see if I was just way too nostalgic for good Indian or whether its really worth 4 stars.
Thanks Yelpers, for another great restaurant recommendation! The BF and I went last night and really enjoyed our dinner. First of all, the service was excellent, everyone was so kind and attentive. 

I've only been to Indian restaurants a handful of times and each of those times was with "experienced" Indian restaurant-goers, so I was a little intimidated to be in charge of ordering (my bf has never had Indian food before). To be safe, I ordered the "classics": Lamb masala, palak paneer (spinach and tofu), and daal makhni (lentils)... they were all delicious! The masala was probably our favorite. The rice and naan (we got the garlic) were both great with our saucy dishes. Bf had the Himalayan beer (nice a light) and I had the strawberry lassi. I love the sweet, yogurty tartness of it with the flavorful spiciness of the dishes. 

My boyfriend also tried the "Red Chili Pickles" that were advertised at the table. His order was met with raised eyebrows and an "are you sure?" by our server. What we got were not even remotely close to what we know to be pickles... my best guess is maybe some type of bean curd wrapped in chili skin. It was more salty than spicy (hence the pickle name?). We asked our server what it was and he said he had no idea and had never had it before. Ha! They seemed very impressed that my bf ate the "pickles". 

I've successfully introduced and converted my boyfriend into an Indian food lover. We'll definitely be going back!
Food,staff & service all very very poor.interiors very depressing.u are better of cooking Indian food at home it will turn out better than anything served at this place
Oh Dear!

I was so wanting to like this place - close to my home, with a 'no fuss' appearance.  And the Cricket (on the big-screen TV) was quite a fun surprise. 

The place could use a bit of help on the 'atmosphere' front ... I think for the whole time of my meal, there was some non-descript sitar music playing in the background, and some of the staff looked like their mother had just died ... but I could live with that if the food were ok. 

I ordered Lamb Vindaloo.  It was awful. Vindaloo is notorious for being hot (spicy hot), so when I order it, I don't mind if the waiter verifies I want it hot, but if they don't ask (they didn't this time) I expect to have a mouth-burning experience.  It was utterly bland.  Not only was it bland, but it was lacking in any of the 'vinegar' flavor I've experienced with all the Vindaloo's I've had elsewhere.  My other dish was ok, and the papadums were good, and the rice and Naan bread were good, so I won't go below 3 stars but - quite frankly, my meal wasn't a 3 star meal.
We really enjoyed ourselves here last night. From the moment we stepped inside the service was impeccable - you can tell these guys are really serious. The menu is huge with dozens of dishes I have never encountered. Being our first visit we kept things simple with coconut chicken curry. Their hot sauce is wonderful, as is the unleavened bread and the hot carrots they start you out with. I will return. (FYI don't let the yelp picture fool you - the buffet is only available at lunch time)
I have visited Indian Paradise on several more occasions since my first visit. The food remains very good as well as the service. Prices have gone up a bit but is still good value for the money. Try the lunch time buffet - great variety and the food is fresh and well priced.
If u r spice lover then stay away from this restaurant. 
Food was pretty stale.
As far as deserts are concerned, i tried "Rasgulla", not sure why they made it so hard... worst part was after i paid the bill and was coming out, i saw the server ( waiter ) picking up glasses with all the fingers inside it.
Who knew there was good Indian food in Arizona!!!!!! 

Indian Paradise is a wonderful little restaurant that serve great food. Yes, it is not something you'd find in London, LA, or NYC, worth stopping in for a taste! 

Their buffet does not have a lot of spicy food, but it's fresh and good. At $11 it's not a bad deal!  

I'm a new fan and look forward to trying it for dinner. Oh yeah, the Naan is awesome!!
This is easy the best Indian food in town. Couple that with very friendly service and add in a pinch of reasonable prices and you have Indian Paradise. Oh almost forgot one of my favorite parts, Cricket on the big screen
Read a review on Yelp that led me to taking a chance for my wife's birthday dinner. INCREDIBLE! The food and friendly service is what we will definitely be back for soon. I recommend it for Indian cuisine regulars and novices alike. They have a great selection on the menu for everyone. My kids even loved it!
I've come back here time and time again and I gotta say.... REALLY FREAKIN' TASTY. Every visit has offered flavorful dishes that have rotated (Gulab Jamun last time! Yay!). Service is still attentive and super nice. The complimentary Naan is appreciated after getting so used to having to pay extra at other buffets.

Yes, oh, yes.... I am a fan. :)
This is one of my favourite Indian restaurants in Arizona . Very good food, very good service. Their Goat curry is so very yummy and the staff is always so friendly. If you are unfamilar with Indian cuisine then would recommend going to the lunch buffet to sample a variety of dishes. The prices are also reasonable.
Best indian food in Scottsdale!
we had our valentines dinner here at Indian paradise, were so excited that there's Indian restaurant here in Scottsdale since we just recently moved from San Francisco. I only gave 2 stars because the food are way to expensive for what you get and thee food isn't that great either. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant at dinner time.
When I am in the mood for some truly comforting food, I head to Indian Paradise for some chicken tikka masala... and that's exactly what I did this past weekend.  For about 4 years my Husband and I have been frequenting this establishment and after our most recent visit this past weekend I feel compelled to write a review.

First of all, as other people have said, the prices here are high, and possibly not 100% worth the portion size, however, I still go back time and time again and I'll tell you why, the food and service.  We ALWAYS get the chicken tikka masala and it is true comfort in a bowl.  That sauce combined with some garlic naan can cure any issue you may be having in your life... well, for at least a little while maybe.  The papadum and chutney that they give you before the mean is great.  We've had the samosas, which are fried goodness and very flavorful.  Lastly, this past time we had the tandoori shrimp, which was surprisingly awesome... the veggies were cooked perfectly and the shrimp was seasoned well and the lemon was a nice touch.

If you haven't had Indian food, you must try it, and if you haven't gone to Indian Paradise, please do.  We pay the high prices because we don't want to see this gem disappear like so many other restaurants.  This Mom and Pop shop has stayed in business due to their great tentative service and excellent food... so GO!
Just terrific.  Time and again.  Every dish bursts with flavor and the chicken tika comes out sizzling with a great seasoned crust to it, unlike other places where it's only unadorned skewered chunks of unseasoned chicken.  If they created a bit more ambience - maybe music? - and worked on the patio decor they would be a 5 star in my book.  I'm hooked.
Great food!
I only stopped in for takeout. Everyone I spoke to was very nice, they were speedy, and the food was delicious when I finally got home. I ordered soup and lamb dish and both were fantastic. Together it came out to about $21. I've heard they have a great lunch buffet-- I'll be sure to try that next.
Anytime my girlfriend and I are craving Indian food, we will go here. So good! The people are friendly and it's not that expensive. My favorite thing is probably the vegetable pakoras! :)
I have never had Indian food so I can't say it is as good as it gets.  I did get the pleasure of eating lunch and sampling the buffet.  I tried many different items and they all were so good.  I love how the sauces (gravies)? are so complex and there are so many different flavors going on at once.  The iced tea was really good too.  I will love coming to visit this place again.  So yum!
Stopped by for lunch buffet on a Saturday based on Yelp reviewers and wasn't disappointed.  This was really good and tasty Indian food.  Normally I'm not a big fan of buffets, but as this seemed to be the only option at lunch we went for it and weren't disappointed.  The curry goat, palak paneer and paneer tikka masala were all outstanding.  The naan was also very good as well as the rice pudding dessert.  I didn't think this was overpriced at all for what you got but haven't see what you get for hte dinner entrees.

The atmosphere is a little cold, but htey had music playing and bollywood on the TV.  The service was prompt and attentive, if a little distanced.

We will definately be back.
I really must do my Yelp reviews sooner.  I had a terrific lunch with Audrey W at Indian Paradise several months ago.  We opted for the buffet.  Although I cannot remember exactly what was offered, I do remember there was plenty to choose from and everything was hot and delicious.  Fresh naan was brought to our table as well.  I also remember the staff was a little too nice.  We didn't realize they close between lunch and dinner and continued to chat away after their closing time.  No one said a word and no looks were thrown our way.  In fact, we didn't realize they were closed until we went to leave and noticed the door was locked..and the restaurant was empty.  It was good conversation:)
Great lunch buffet.
The wifey and I are still on our Indian kick.  Very clean and inviting inside, we were there about 6pm on Friday night and there were 2 or 3 other couples there.

We started with the "Chef's Assorted Appetizer" which was 2 samosa, vegetable pakora (sliced potato, breaded and fried) and chicken pakora (spiced chicken chunks) and onion bhaji (shredded onion fritter).  The samosa had great flavor, the chicken pakora was great, and the onion bhaji was VERY good.

For our meal, we always seem to get way too much food, but we're not afraid of having leftovers...

FISH VINDALOO (swordfish): fish chunks were perfectly cooked and flaked apart, good white meat, didn't find one chunk of the fishy-grey part. Vindaloo sauce was pretty decent, but sort of seemed to be "one note" to me.  Not bad at all, just not "great".

PANEER TIKKA MASALA: Great paneer, very smooth and not gritty at all.  The masala was excellent IMO with great flavor.

VEGETABLE BIRYANI: Pretty good biryani, but not a huge portion. Not sure how much raisins or nuts were in it.  Again, not bad, but not "OMG this is the bomb".

NAAN: We had the plain naan, which was just as expected.

BASMATI RICE: The meal comes with plain basmati rice as well.

SPICE LEVEL: We ordered "Medium Plus", but it was fairly mild.  The masala was slightly spicier than the vindaloo (my understanding is that vindaloo is supposed to be spicier by default).  We mentioned to the waiter that it wasn't spicy enough and he offered to bring out some "hot sauce" which was a small bowl of vindaloo with extra spice in it.  This was perfect and my wife mixed it in with her meal.

SERVICE: 4 stars.  Attentive waiters, great service (however, there was not customers at the time).  Food came quickly.

APPEARANCE: Clean, well lit

FOOD: 3 stars.  The food was fine, I liked the masala the best.  We will definitely go back.
My husband and I just moved to Scottsdale from Chicago. One of the things we missed most (even after a few weeks) was the amazing quality ethnic food.  We are big fans of Indian cuisine. It is our go-to comfort food when we return from a long trip and need something warm, spicy and complex.  We each had a craving on Saturday night and gave Indian Paradise a try.  We ordered carry out and they recommended a comparable lamb dish to my favorite dish at our Chicago place. So I had the Rogan Josh and my husband went with his favorite Tikka Masala, naan and samosa.  Everything was delicious! We are so excited to be able to have our new Indian place here in Arizona. I cannot wait to try their vegetarian options next time.
Tandoori chicken and chicken madras is really good!
I love their food. Everything I've had there has been delicious!
The chicken tikka, chicken curry, and coconut curry shrimp are really good!
I've only had the buffets but I'm giving this place 5 stars because it's consistently AMAZING!!!  My boys 5 and 8 ask to eat here!  The week buffet doesn't have as large as an assortment as it does on the weekend but the price is less than the weekend.  With the food being made fresh and in-house--- the price is well worth it.  Great attentive staff as well as friendly.  We always feel welcomed and appreciated and WE ALWAYS LEAVE FULL & HAPPY!

Thank you!
Love, LOVE this joint. Been here a couple times and we will be back. My children LOVE the food and so do I.
Inside was bit dark but quite roomy. They provide good service and good food but it's bit pricy. If you like Indian food, it might be good to try this one.
Have eaten there on numerous occasions and it is always great!  We go for the buffet on either Sat or Sun and the quality is superior, well seasoned (just perfect, never too much) and the service is excellent.  The tomato soup is to die for and is addicting.  Always clean.  A great place to go for Indian food!!
Superb place and superb food
Avoid the buffet  if you don't want to feel heavy the whole day, little overpriced
We were shopping for hardwood floors and our last stop was Arizona Wholesale Supply. We were starving and noticed the Indian Restaurant right next door, so headed in. The waitress sat us down and got us some water. There was no mention of "Would you like the buffet or menu?" So we were extremely confused on what to do next. I actually walked over to the hostess desk and grabbed a couple of menus and that is when we figured out the buffet option and the lunch options, and the prices. We went for the buffet and was pleasantly surprised. The food was fresh and delicious. I am not a buffet person, but glad I chose that option! The tandoori chicken was juicy and the fried appetizers were crispy. They also served unlimited naan which was a pleasant surprise. I would have given it 5 stars, but I think the service could have been more in tune with their customers.
Wow! We just dropped in for a quick bite, but were totally impressed. The food was phenomenal. The service: outstanding. Everything was great, even when Lori realized that when these guys say "hot"' they mean it! Fortunately, Bobby saved the day with his home-made rice pudding. What a way to end this epic culinary adventure. I can't say enough good things about this restaurant. Do  your taste buds a favor and drive over. Get Tandoori & some rice pudding.....it will blow your socks off!               Jim & Lori
This place is fantastic.  The owner chef has a gift. I am so spoiled. 
We eat mostly lamb and chicken curries, spicy, they have never sent out a dish that wasn't pipping hot and perfectly spiced. The owners are very nice people as is their staff.  The only possible negative thing to say is the lunch buffet  can get picked over and be very slow to replenish. 
I imagine if I got there early it would be better, so....if you like buffets get there super early.  Like 11:00.
= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =

Stopped back in here today for the lunch buffet with Mike C. & Arlin B.  It was good, but I didn't think it was as good as when I was here in Feb. '10.  It's also a little high at $11.99.  Flavors of India, for instance has better food in my opinion, & it's $9.23.
I had an enjoyable lunch here with Rand H. and Mike C. the other day.  Indian Paradise has a very nice lunch buffet with a variety of authentic Indian cuisine items   to choose from.   

Restaurant~ very clean and inviting.  It's not a large restaurant but it has plenty of room for multiple groups. The service is OK, not bad but not great either.   

Food~ we started with some soup and salad.  They had one soup, tomato soup on the day we went.  It was OK and so was the salad. They bring fresh pita bread to your table.  Some with garlic and herbs, which was very nice.  They had several dishes to choose, some with curry and without.  The Chicken curry was very good and so was their Paneer's.  I was looking forward to the Tandoori Chicken and their Chicken Tikka Marsala, but the chicken had a sparse odor of benzene so it was not tasty. They also had roasted jalapeno's with black salt, which I think is an acquired taste ~ not for me.  

All in all, some of their food tasted very good and some not so good. Most everything is a bit mushy so you will need to start at the rice cooker or get a bunch of bowls.  This is a very good place to try some Indian cuisine if you're in the area.
Went for my first time to the lunch buffer.  It was fabulous.  Great food. Worth the $11.
This place is a VAST distance from my house. Fortunately, I was in the area on business, met the wife and went here for lunch based on the positive Yelp reviews and the fact that she'd been here before and really liked it. GOD I'm glad I did. The first thing that hit me was the smell as we walked in - amazing. I've been to a lot of Indian buffets; this one SMELLED the best. So far, so good. Found our table but as usual with any given buffet, arse didn't hit the chair before I was schlopping food onto my plate. Dhal, channa, chicken curry, aloo gobhi, chicken tikka masala (out when I was at the buffet, but they filled it up pretty quick after), meat and pea samosas, potato pakoras, and a giant laundry-basket-sized rice cooker to scoop from. Flung a few ribbons of raita Jackson Pollock-like (or Ron Jeremy-like, depending on your aesthetic sensibilities) across the heaped plate and back to the table to dine. Out came some garlic naan (better than regular naan!) which was thin and fresh. Making good on the promise of the initial smell, the food was VERY flavorful. Best buffet I've been to. The chicken curry was actually SPICY, not dumbed down. Why the hell does this place have to be ~40 miles from my house? One thing's for sure, I'll be back. Maybe not for a while, but still - Indian Paradise rocketed to #1 on my Indian restaurant list after the first mouthful and I'm pretty sure the same will be the case for any Indian food aficionado that tries it. Word of warning - it may be too much of a punch in the mouth for newcomers to the cuisine - if that's you, I suggest getting your feet wet at Bombay Spice (Tatum and Shea) first before trying this joint. Came out with my gut looking like an alien was going to bust out of it and my tastebuds feeling as though they'd gone around the LHC a few billion times. Hands down five out of five.
This was my first Indian restaurant experience Ever!
I am totally open to try everything and anything. So...I Did.
I was debating on the 3-4 stars because mostly of the naan bread!
Holy jeebus....that Naan bread and rice pudding and the little sugary dough balls are my favorites go figure.  I wanted to dip that delicious bread into just the masala sauces.  I am half Filipino so me and rice go together like a fish with water.  Only thing I disliked immensely is the different grain of rice.  If i had my own jasmine rice with me i might have enjoyed everything even more.  I love curry and their curry was not bad I loved the kick to it but I am too spoiled from panang curry. When I do not eat amazing curry I almost need my favorite curry to make up for the not so great curry.  The man I worked for said he liked the food more at tandoori times but liked the price more at Indian paradise. Especially since it was a buffet.
Will I crave Indian on a regular basis No, Will I still go with other people that want it Definitely but will stop at a thai spot for some jasmine rice to bring with me ;)
The interior is clean and decorated well. Went here for the lunch buffett; for $11.95, you get a good selection of food: chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, samosas, chicken tandoori, aloo gobhi, and some others I missed. All of them tasted good for a buffett, and they made a conscious effort to refill the food quickly. I also got garlic naan with my order and I highly recommend it: it was very crispy and didn't have too much garlic on it. For desert I had the gulab jamun with rice pudding, which was also very good. My only complaint was the rice: it was kinda hard and thin. I'm not sure if they intend to cook it this way, but I prefer my rice kinda sticky. 

Service was pretty good as well. They took away the buffett plates in a timely manner and refills were prompt. I got tired of going to the chain restaurants, so if you're in Scottsdale I would recommend this place for a nice change of pace.
My wife and I keep coming back here!  Maybe it's just the convenience, but whatever the reason we're always stuffed to the gills and very happy with the food and service.  We went in recently for the Champagne brunch (buffet) and enjoyed a selection of things we hadn't tried before.  We arrived about 12:30 (on Sunday) and found about 10 other people in the restaurant.  Over the next hour, people were pouring in, large groups, families.  It appears to be a very popular buffet!

The servers were very attentive, the food was fresh and very good.  The spice level seemed pretty mild, so if you have a thing for hot-n-spicy, you'll need to order a side of hot sauce.
Don't believe a word I write about Indian Paradise because, after all, I am a devotee of Indian food.  Don't believe me when I tell you that the lunch buffet here consists of about a dozen main dishes and at least ten of them are superb.  Please don't believe me about just how delicious the tikka masalas are, or the saag paneer (creamy Indian cheese and spinach).  Please, please, don't believe any of it, because if you do, then you will start coming here and your friends will follow and soon I won't be able to get a table.

Seriously, the secret of Indian Paradise is that they cook everything very expertly.  The only downside -- it is a relatively small buffet -- is really a blessing in disguise, because if they had even one more option, I would have to try it and would then be unable to rise from my chair at the end of the meal.

Here is what you will get (in general, as the menu varies somewhat from day to day): chicken tandoori, chicken and/or goat curry (their goat is a rare misfire, often too bony), chicken or cheese tikki masala, at least one creamy spinach dish, a couple of other meat entrees, lentils, several vegetarian options, at least one of which will be pretty spicy, rice, naan and one other bread, a couple of appetisers (like samosas, for example), a half dozen sauces, and rice pudding and honeyed cheese balls for dessert.  To drink, included in the price, try the mango lassi.

Hints:  Don't eat breakfast.  Don't worry about cooking dinner.
The Naan Varieties are are really delicious.
We mostly go for lunch buffets as they have more varieties served and is less expensive.
The chicken curry is really good (not the spice that I expected thou), but my favorite will always be Lamb curry at Indian Paradise.
Tandoori Chicken very well marinated is adequately juicy.
We have been looking for a good Indian buffet and found it. The place is a hidden treasure. The food was delicious and buffet had a good variety. Good service great food and pretty good price. Chicken curry was my favorite and the basmati rice was delicious.
My love affair with Indian cuisine started about 20 years ago, when in medical school with friends from India. Both North and South India. I learned the difference and also saw that the 20 somethings, male and female knew how to cook a whole meal with the spices they brought from India in the little metal caddie with individual spice cups. They even brought the Basmati rice from home with a rice cooker! I fell in love with the food and the guy ( but that's an other story). Although this place was not great before, it was as close as we're going to get to Indian food in Scottsdale. I've been going for the last couple of years and today I went back after a few months absence and it was just Not the same. The taste, the spices ( not the hotness ) was not the same at all! I have a feeling they changed owners, as even the service was bad. Other friends have also commented that the food quality is bad now, and I for one will not be going back.  The rice was dry and taste severely missing, even the cardamom Pods were missing. I had the curry and my companion the tikka masala and the tikka just tasted like tomato paste, and the curry was tasteless.   Very disappointing !! I soo wished this could last. 
The 3 stars is for my previous experience.

Anyone know if the owners are the same or have they sold the place and moved back to the mother land??
Very good meal -- a la carte dinner. And service above and beyond. Must go back for the buffet.
Indian Paradise has a solid lunch buffet. At $11.95 maybe a little more expensive than usual for a buffet but it's in North Scottsdale so not completely unexpected either. Nice interior and even looks like the patio could be a pleasant dining experience when there's nice weather, surprising considering that the restaurant is located in a fairly bland, out of the way strip mall.

The food was very tasty and will certainly sate your desire for Indian. Comparatively, it was middle of the road as far as the Indian food I've had--not the best but not the worst. But if you love Indian food like I do, you won't be disappointed. The lunch buffet has a lot of the standard dishes: chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, aloo matter, palak paneer, tandoori chicken, etc. Tikka masala is usually my favorite but theirs was just ok. I really liked their chicken curry and aloo matar.

Service was good; everyone was friendly and attentive.

Also, don't panic when you don't see the naan at the buffet like I did. They bring you your own basket. :)
This is the best Indian food I know of.  I order takeout from this place about twice a month, and have been for like 3 years.  I almost always order very near closing, and they are always happy to take the order.  

I know it's kind of dickish to place an order late, but I can't help being annoyed when I call at 9:30 to a place that closes at 10:00 and the "kitchen is closed".  That's not how these guys roll.  

Consistently great food and great service.
Paneer is sooooo good here!!!
Solid Indian buffet that reminds me of all of the Indian buffets that I've tried.  A tad overpriced but the tasty samosas justify a semi-regular visit.
7/25/12

Heard great things about Indian Paradise from good Yelp friends, and I thought it was about time I scratched this itch I had for Indian cuisine for many weeks.  I've passed IP many times before, noting it was on Hayden Rd, but never really memorized its location.  Disregard the directions from Navigation android app and follow Yelp directions, instead.  

$10.95 gets you all-you-can-eat lunch buffet with fresh garlic naan and a glass of water.  All other beverages will cost extra.  I ordered a mango lassi for $4.  Buffet selections weren't many, but I managed to gather a varied plate http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LFfYe-hh1NKFtUKV3LUgfg?select=d7H3JJ4h89IFRIFY0IA-7w#d7H3JJ4h89IFRIFY0IA-7w that consisted of (clockwise starting with) Tandoori chicken, Palak paneer, Chicken tikka masala, Dal tadka (yellow lentils), Dal makhni (red lentils), Chicken curry,  Paneer tikka masala (curd cheese in masala sauce), some shredded lettuce for texture (not pictured), mango and tamarind chutneys, and finally Gulab jamun for dessert.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LFfYe-hh1NKFtUKV3LUgfg?select=SzJNBzvd9lXjaDhg9DMh7g#SzJNBzvd9lXjaDhg9DMh7g  The mango lassi was gorgeous, and better yet, it tasted fantastic!  Before I had a taste of it, a man who was passing by my table on his way out of the door stopped to ask what it was.  I guess he liked the look of it, as well.  I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone who loves mango lassis-- great mango flavor, a touch of sweetness, and a definite yogurt tang.  The naan took a long time to arrive, even after I sat down, asked for a lassi, first had a look at the buffet choices, and then proceeded to gather my plate and utensils before lining up to get food.  I had to wait another five minutes, maybe more, before it arrived on my table, which then allowed me to take a good photo to upload and THEN start eating.  The naan was warm, some parts were crispy, some parts were charred, and not very flavorful.  I couldn't detect a garlic flavor at all.  The dals were OK, the red saltier than the yellow, so I preferred the yellow.  I found the palak paneer to be tastier than the paneer tikka masala, which was salty, yet I found the paneer tikka masala's curd cheese cubes to be more tender, therefore more preferable; The cheese cubes in the palak paneer were rubbery.  The chicken curry was very appetizing!  Loved sopping up the sauce with the naan.  Perhaps the blandness of the naan was intentional, to make it a great companion to the sauces...  The tandoori chicken was very, very good, and perhaps the best I've tried anywhere.  Great smoke flavor, tender and moist-- I wouldn't mind ordering this for an entree.  I was already finished with lunch and wanted dessert (gulab jamun, rice pudding, or watermelon slices) when I spotted the chutneys, but I had some naan left, so I thought to try them out.  The mango chutney looked wonderful, and made me wish I had pancakes or crispy waffles to eat it with.  Before trying it with naan, I spooned a little bit into my mouth and found it to be quite salty, so it wouldn't do well for a sweet snack, unless you like sweet and salty (and I do on occasion, but not in mango chutneys).  The tamarind chutney, more syrup than chunky chutney really, was definitely sweeter.  The gulab jamun rounds were tougher than others I've tried; I kept wishing the centers were creamier/silkier.  I liked the sweet milk flavor, although the syrup wasn't scented with rosewater or saffron.  I'd say pass on these last three and save your calories for a lassi!
Love this place.  GREAT food (curry chicken is amazing) and a fast way to get an amazing lunch at a good price.  I meet my husband here for lunch at least every other week or more.  Love it!
Best Indian food in the valley. I've gone to quite a few places and none of them are as good as this. The place is never too busy so it is a quiet experience, but the staff are always wonderful, and recognize you when you come back. I recommend the chicken curry, vegetable pakoras, and aloo matar. 5 STARS!
Had the lunch buffet & the food was decent  for $10.95. They have a variety of veg & non-veg dishes along with the  Bread (Naan) & Basmati Rice. 2 soups - I tried the tomato soup & it was bad, the paneer dishes(tikka masala & palak) were good, the chicken curry was watery & of mediocre taste,the tandoori chicken was good however,the dal makhani & basmati rice were too bland & the desserts(gulab jamun & rice pudding) were just okay.

Final Verdict: The quality of the lunch buffet ain't that great. I know a lot of other indian restaurants that offer better food than this one. They sure lack the "quality" on my scale. You can give this one a try though.

PS: I to-go'd Kadai Paneer once ( la carte) & I loved it, very delicious! Tried the buffet for the same reason, but was disappointed!
I just eat there today. The food is OK, I had food from their lunch buffet.
The place needs to be cleaned! The floors are black, the air conditioning vents are falling apart (you cannot see that because they have dropped the reflectors lower from the ceiling and painted the ceiling elements black, so unless you really look you cannot see), check out the chandelier in the place, filthy! I saw a tinny bug walk over the buffet foods while I was helping myself. I am not a picky person, but I will never go there again. There are much better Indian food places around.
The environment was nice. Good location. The food....I had to fill my stomach with something healthy. Thats it. The okra vegetable that my husband and I got was 1/4 portion of okra, 1/2 portion of onions and 1/2 portion of ginger. I was getting pcs of ginger in every bite which I just didnt like. We ordered a roti each with it and rice came along with the okra. We didnt bother to finish the veggie.
I'm very impressed by this place, before I give it 5 stars though, I would like to try more of their food.  I had the Beghan Aloo, it's potatoes and eggplant with spices.  It was incredibly good, but also drenched in ghee (not necessarily a bad thing).  I also had the rasmalai, which if you've read any of my reviews of indian restaurants, is my favorite dessert EVER.  It was only okay here, not quite the best i've ever had.  The service was really good.  It's a pretty bare bones restaurant, with a little bit of ambiance, but I don't really care much for that, the one sample dish I had here was pretty darn good, I will definitely be coming back to check out the lunch buffet.
I would give them 3.5

We got there for early dinner thinking they had buffet, but they did not. Hubby had been fasting so we didn't want to look for other options and wait longer. We stayed and ordered from the menu. Chicken Tikka Masala (it comes with rice, not all white but I do not know what it has, I checked online and it could be cumin seeds) and we also ordered naan.

Kudos to our server (a young lady) that volunteered some information about Chicken Tikka being served with no sauce (I got confused and ordered Chicken Tikka, instead of Chicken Tikka Masala), so thanks to her timely intervention I got what I meant to order, and not what I had mistakenly ordered, if that makes any sense : P

*We forgot to ask for our food to be hot/spicy : (

We had only water to drink, and overall everything was good. I was a little disappointed with the sauce on the chicken, but that could be because this place is from a different area in India or something...

Garlic naan was really good. Also, the place itself is very nice, they have booths and it is nicely decorated. The place is more inviting than the IP 2

I just would like to mention that I am sensitive to scents and our server was wearing a perfume a little too strong if you ask me.

I would like to go back to try the buffet.
This is our favorite! The service has always been incredible and everything on the menu is great. We love the tikka masala and the dal. Great naan and samosas. Can't wait to go again.
Wow, what a terrific dinner we had!  We were served accompaniments of coriander chutney, tamarind sauce, and something I hadn't tasted before--spicy turnips.  We enjoyed those with the complimentary papadum.  We ordered Chicken vindaloo which was spicy as requested and delicious as well.  Complimentary yogurt sauce and white biryani rice came with the vindaloo.   Chicken Biryani was well prepared without the greasiness which usually accompanies this type of dish.  Tandoori roti bread was presented as requested (without butter) and yet it had a  good texture and taste.   We thought the food and service was worthy of 5 stars.  We were told by our waitress that the buffet operates 7 days a week and offers everything from bread to dessert.  We will definitely be back to enjoy more of their wonderful food.
Not bad, not great.
They have a lunch box special, but won't allow you to eat on the premises. 

Each time I've gone in, they've never offered to seat me (I go alone).  I've had to ask about the lunch special all three times, and have not really been told much else other than "ok".  Left in the entryway, with no offer of a seat, or any indication of where to pay, or if I can sit down while I wait. They bring the food, but no one seems to know if I've paid or not - communication among staff isn't exactly stellar.

The lunch box I've had 3 times has been chicken tikka masala (despite what the menu says the lunch box of the day is).

The rice is really good. The chicken tikka masala is decent, but seemed to be more sauce than chicken.

The naan bread (garlic) is kickass.

Just okay, although I'll probably go back for the naan alone.

They do a lunch buffet, but I have never been offered a seat, so... haven't tried it.
Very delicious and authentic place  to eat.  
Definitely will come back again, just hope my toilet can endure the aftermath
Never a bad meal here!
Indian food in America is like Chinese food in America: it is either really good, or really bad. Indian Paradise, in my experience there several times (dinners), falls into the really good category. Lots of great flavor from healthy entrees, breads, salads, and sauces.

I haven't tried the lunch buffet yet, but I would definitely recommend this place for a really good Indian dinner.
One of the best Indian Restaurants in the Valley. Jonathan is right, really good category! We have had dinner there several times. Lamb saag, chicken vindaloo and chicken tika masala are out favorites. We like it #8 and HOT! Garlic nann actually has garlic on it, unlike so many other Indian restaurants.
Great service, we will be back!
Might be the worst Indian food I have ever eaten.
Very average Indian Restaurant.  The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything memorable either.  Food over all was a little bland.  There August pricing is discounted, for $9, it's not a bad deal.  I wouldn't pay their normal price though.  Service was also just average.  Naan came out quickly, but was very dry, needed some oil or salt.  Tasted very stale .  Plates were also not cleared off the table right away.  Only after I had 3-4 plates piled high would anyone come around to collect the plates.  I'll give them another try, maybe the food was just an off day.  WIll update if the food quality gets better.
Food was decent but nothing to write home about. This used to be the best Indian restaurant in the valley. Sadly, that's not the case anymore.

Got chicken vindaloo and Chana masala. Chicken vindaloo isn't supposed to be tomato-based, but here it was. Tasted like a slightly altered version of chicken tikka masala. Chana masala was average as well.
= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =


The last time I was here I told owner Bobby that I thought this place needed a little tune up & only gave it 3 Stars.  He Yelped me recently inviting me to drop in this month and take advantage of their August $8.95 Lunch Buffet Special and to see what I think of the improvements he said they have made.

Wow, I'll say!  This place ROCKED today!  I started with help-yourself super tasty Mango Lassi, then they brought my choice of 3 flavors of hot, toasty Naan bread, plain, buttered, & my choice, garlic.  Yum!

Over on the serving tables they had 34 food items out, plus sauces & dressings.  This is a Super Buffet for in Indian place, especially for a weekday!  Some of what I enjoyed was Tomato Soup, salad with various fruits & veggies, Balsamic Rice, Chicken Curry, Chicken Tikki Masala, Tandoori Chicken, Aloo Pakoras, Vegetable Samosa, Achari Chicken, Aloo Gobhi, Aloo Tamatal, Nauratan Vindau, Plalk Paneer, Daal Makhni, Gaigan Bharta, Paneer Tikki Masala, & so on, plus great desserts.

All of this represented TERRIFIC Indian cooking!  There wasn't ANYTHING that I could say was better somewhere else.  On top of that, the table service was good, and there was a wide selection of CHINA plates & bowls from which to choose.  No eating out of nasty little styrofoam things or burning your fingers carrying handle-less steel cups!

So is this now actually "Indian PARADISE"?  Pretty much!!     :-))

August Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $8.95  New lower regular price $10.95.
Love this place! Not located in the best area and a little hard to see from the main street but definitely worth looking for and trying it. I had the tandori chicken and the vegetable pakoras. The chicken was juicy and was full of flavor and the pakoras were made just right. The service was also very good. Overall an enjoyable experience. Will return again next time I'm in town.
Wonderful food.  Also just got an A+ rating from the health department.  Always a plus to know the kitchen is clean.  Wonderful selection and fair priced.
Indian Paradise lives up to its name.  Buttery-fresh naan, tasty samosas, creamy palak paneer, savory chicken tandoori, Indian salads, and so many other options make this a place to be reckoned with...

Seriously, they have teleported some of the best Indian dishes into Phoenix and are ready to square off with the best in the area!  Not to mention, the service is superb and the building has a classy/ eclectic flavor to it that is hard to find fault with.   A bit more coconut milk may help to sweeten the dishes, but other than that, this is one of the best Indian buffets that you'll find in PHX!
Solid choice for a good weekend buffet. The price on the weekends is $11.95, and it includes soda, or one glass of champagne. Weekday prices do not include drinks but are cheaper.

The spread here had a nice variety of meaty and vegetarian dishes. Such entrees included mutter paneer, chicken curry, goat curry, chicken makhani, mushroom curry, an unusual butternut squash curry (Quite tasty! I love butternut squash), aloo palak, dal makhani, tandoori chicken, and chana masala. Fried items included potato pakora and vegetable samosa. There was a diverse salad bar, 2 different types of chaat, and various condiments like mint chutney. Dessert consisted of mango pudding, kheer (rice pudding), and gulab jamun. The gulab jamun was decent, but more hard and dense tasting than others I've had. 

In addition to the soda or champagne, there is a self serve mango lassi station which was quite nice. There is also a crock of tomato soup and a cooker filled with rice. Another plus about this restaurant is that they will make fresh, hot off the oven naan for you in a basket. Tasty!

Service was great and drinks + plates were refilled and taken away as needed.

Overall, a good experience, and the food itself was decent. Go for the great deal for what you get, and the variety of dishes.
Excellent! We tried it based on the nearby Yelp search and such a treat! This is our new favorite Indian spot. 

Great service, 3 different waiters taking care of the dining room. Very prompt to bring crispy naan and sauces when we arrived. 

We started with the crispy potato cakes - pakoras - and raita, delicious. Then things got even better... Chicken tikka masala and vegetable vindaloo with garlic naan. 

Everything was amazing. We had 4 different sauces to dip in and the flavors were great. We like super spicy so we requested their hot sauce and it did not disappoint. 

If you like great Indian, look no further!
Very good choice. We ordered 5 dishes all vegetarian plus naan. Quick service and quite attentive. Normally we get mild but this was on the hotter side. Fresh ingredients and would recommend for a lower cost meal than other places near Kierland.
This is our 2nd time having lunch actually on Thanksgiving Day.  They upcharged us for the buffet but didn't offer the champagne it was supposed to include.  We were told it only included the sweat mango tea over at the buffet.  It wasn't until I read other reviews & remembered when we came two years ago we were supposed to get champagne also.  The walls are painted a deep blue, & we feel that it really ruins the atmosphere & it not conducive to dining.  As it is Indian food, the walls should be painted a deep hue, like orange/red.  It needs a good redo.  I am making a note not to return because the interior just makes me feel lousy when I eat there.  The food is ok, not great.  If they redecorated, the food would probably taste better to me.  

We are usually there over vacation periods, hence that is why we ended up there twice on Thanksgiving.  

It's ok, just kind of a strange decor & not appealing to me.
Went in for the first time on Wednesday, with two other friends for the lunch buffet, around 2.15. Not knowing/understanding that this place closes from 2.30 to 5 pm. The lady told us that they're NOT refilling anymore so we could see if whatever was left over was OK to pay full price for. With the amount of food that there was left that would've been a no-brainer. So I asked her if she meant no more 'lunch buffet price' or NO more period. No apologies or feeling bad for rejecting unknowing customers. Food MIGHT be good, but these people sure don't know how to deal with customers professionally. ESPECIALLY when it comes to rejecting customers.
This is a fantastic choice! My friends and I (who have traveled to India) went out for dinner here and couldn't have been happier. The service was great and the food was fantastic. They seem to always have a Yelp deal going on as well.
Great food and atmosphere amazing service as well...had the makhni chicken highly recommend!
Did a simple takeout since we decided to stay in New Year's Eve.  Ordered the Chicken Saag and Chicken Biryani.  I will be on the record to say that this is was the best Chicken Saag I have ever had in ANY restaurant where I have eaten Indian food.  That includes many East coast places known for great cuisine.  The Biryani was plentiful, delicious and had enough chicken.  Both dishes were made to the spiciness which we requested which was spicy.  Order came with a wonderful yogurt sauce.  The young lady who took the order was friendly and efficient.  She was very polite and wished me a happy new year.....
Happy New Year Indian Paradise:  May the new year bring you lots of business from people who enjoy excellent, excellent , excellent Indian food.  Did I say excellent too many times????  Nope... not for this food!!!!
Let me start by saying, I'm not a huge fan of Indian food -- however; I do like the food here. The atmosphere is elegant and quiet and the menu has a great variety to it. There are also Indian music videos playing in the background with beautiful men and women wearing every color known to man. The chicken tikka masala was delish and I could live off of the garlic naan for a few days at least.
Delicious Indian food! Their garlic naan is to die for! We had the Buttered Chicken and Chicken tika masala. Awesome service, will definitely be back for more!
We went there after a long hike and were craving for a good indian food .. This place was truly that.. For )$12 per person all you can eat also included a glass of champagne .. Which was new to me from a indian buffet.. Food was amazing .
We went on a Wednesday night. It was pretty quiet. This made for a relaxing dinner where we could easily converse. We started out with Tandoori Chicken Wings-great presentation served on a sizzling skillet and very tasty. For entres, I had Lamb Vindaloo and my partner had Goat Curry. Both entres were very tasty and filling. We both ordered spicy. They offer you choice of mild, medium or spicy. This is great if you can't handle spicy food. We also got a side of naan - fluffy, soft and delicious - especially dipped in my Vindaloo gravy! Service was great and attentive. We will have to check out the weekend $12 lunch buffet on our next visit.
Great food but not much of it.  I ordered Lamb Vindaloo for about $15 and there were only about 6 pieces of lamb - excellent taste but mostly sauce
Great lamb korma and rogan josh.

Showed up right at 5 and was done with dinner quickly with good service!
Yummy, nice staff, kids platter. All good. My only complaint is that it is a bit pricey.
Perhaps our favorite Indian restaurant in town. The staff is always friendly and helpful, but reserved. We've only been to the lunch buffet, at least a dozen times, and we like it. Great options for vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike. Hot from the oven naan is delivered promptly to the table as you visit the buffet. The food is wonderfully spiced but not too much for our American taste buds. I like the fact that the restaurant is usually about half filled with Indian people, always a great sign that the food must be good and authentic. Highly recommend Indian Paradise.
This is one of the best Indian restaurants I've been to in Phoenix! We got samosas to start; for entrees we had chicken tikka tandoori, chicken korma, lamb kofta curry, and plain naan. Everything was pretty delicious! The chicken korma was better than I think I've ever had and I really enjoyed the chicken tikka tandoori! The naan was wonderful also! The samosa wasn't the best one I've had, but it was still good and big portions! We also had one of the specialty cocktails with mango lassi, yum! Lastly, the staff was friendly and quick! I would highly recommend!
Never had Indian food before, my husband took me to this restaurant.The waitress came and I saw her hitting something with the menu, I ignored it but then I saw what she was trying to hide it was a cockroach on the wall by my table.I walked out never taste their food if they had cockroaches in their dining area imagen the kitchen
We have been to many Indian restaurants over the year but this place is a top contender!  You can tell that they use very quality ingredients and know how to cook chicken tikka masala and rogan josh to a perfection. We surely recommend!
never going back. The food was really blend, went with a colleague for lunch buffet, every Indian place I have ever been to at least had good chicken tikka masala but it was just too bad here, paneer was equally tasteless. The place was surprisingly full, probably due to lots of IT companies near by.
We went there for Father's day dinner. The Chicken tikka masala was good but the Chef's tandoori special for $21.95 was terrible! It was like a very horrible fajita with all their lunch meat left overs. The meat was tough and bad tasting not tandoori style at all.The sikh kabab was more like sausage texture. We thought to get the best for my poor husband's Father's day, but he ended up with the most expensive food on the menu that was also the worst on the menu.  The rice also was all broken up and old.
Since we were starving and was Father's day, we did not complain. I will make sure NEVER again go for dinner there. Dinner is too expensive and not  good.The Buffet should be OK. 
I will give it one more try but on their buffet. It seems they take Buffet left overs and serve it a la cart at dinner time and charge three times more.
Don't miss this gem! The buffet has a great selection of vegetarian and meat dishes and they're all delicious! The menu items look great but I haven't made it past the buffet yet. I've been here twice and I'm sure I'll be back for more. A nice family run restaurant serving something a bit  different from all the chain restaurants in the area and at great prices.  What's not to like?
Sooooo..... I can't believe that it has taken me THIS long to update my review here. So long in fact that I cannot remember the last time I went. All I know is that my second dining experience with roaches was enough to seal the deal - not ever coming back here again. Which is a shame because I've yet to find another buffet that compares in terms of flavor. But if flavor has to come with a roach crawling around the silverware (YES.. the SILVERWARE) or on a wall beside me while employees just watch it... I'd just rather not.

Now granted my last experience was some time ago (some months after the decor was updated and walls went from yellow to blue) but considering the last report of a roach sighting was three months ago, their health inspections I very easily googled all report problems with roaches or roach powder on the premises, and I saw them two separate times?? Not likely changing. 

Eat at your own risk.
Food is good. Buffet has lot of choice.
Al-Hana is the cafe located inside the Baiz Market that serves amazingly genuine middle eastern provisions ... this according to my fiancee who hails from Michigan, worked in a Middle Eastern restaurant while going to MSU, and considers it her favorite cuisine.  Wrap that into one giant grape leaf, and you have one crazed Middle Eastern food enthusiast.  

We went here to pick up a few groceries and some take-out from the small cafe tucked in the front corner of the market.  I had already called 'dibs' on the chicken shawarma while on the short car-ride to East-Central Phoenix, and I fist-pumped in her face to let her know I just shook her down.  Um, no worries for her because she dominated the rest of that menu, ordering a falafel sandwich [in pita], za'atar bread [dipped in labne purchased at the back deli], and six veggie grape leaf rolls.  Lunch + leftovers = $20.

All of it was fresh, delicious, and enormously stirring.  Their blends of spices and dips are phenomenal.  I considerably recommend Al-Hana as a quick stop for genuine M.E. grub.
Awesome Beef Shawarma. The chicken taook plate is just yummy and so filling. Cheap. Halal. They also have chicken shawarma, falafel shawarma and other plates. They do rotisserie chicken on site as well. Meat pies. Yumm... They have a wood burning oven where they make all their stuff. It is pretty cool to watch. Recently updated their eating area. Dont forget to get the Mango Lassi located behind you when you are ordering. While you are here, you can shop for fresh meat such as goat chops, beef, chicken, lamb e.t.c or groceries and spices. They have tons of choices in Indian spices as well as Mediterranean spices. They have a good selection of European Cheese and European Fine Goods. They also have fresh pita bread. We bring the pita bread home and throw them in the oven at 250 degrees for a few minutes and voila, you have pita chips to eat with your hummus.
I tend to forget about Middle Eastern food when I'm considering my dining options, but I have to thank Jason W - who invited me to try this little lunch spot in the Baiz Market - for reminding me of how satisfying and delicious (and in this case, affordable!) it can be. 

I met him and some other Yelpers to sample some of Al-Hana's wares and while there were a few strike-outs (specifically, the hummus, which didn't have enough garlic or lemon, and the tabloulleh, which had way too much parsley), the falafel sandwich, shwarma beef and chicken sandwiches (both with garlic sauce), and cheese pies were all so flavorful! And at $2.99 and $3.99 for the sandwiches and $.50 - $3.99 for the other sides, the lunch was also incredibly affordable. 

If you are ever in the area or work or live nearby, you should definitely check Al-Hana out. Given how affordable it is, you can have a savory and enjoyable lunch that really fills you up. If you have time after you finish eating, definitely take a few minutes to walk around the market - there are some real deals on Mediterranean staples, like 2-lb bags of dates for $3.99! 

One final note - there is a $10 minimum for debit/credit card usage, so bring cash.
A fellow yelper told me about this place, and I finally made it there a week or so ago. Since then, I can't seem to stay away- Sunday's venture was the third time in two weeks. What can I say? I like it. 

It's cheap, it's tasty, and it's fresh. No, you won't find the best middle eastern food in the world at Al-Hana, but you can't go wrong with a $3.99 chicken shwarma sandwich. 

The baba ghanoush is perfectly smoky, the hummus is ok. The chicken shwarma sandwich was really good, the falafel- not so much. 

Try the spinach pies. Maybe spinach isn't the first ingredient you'd like to find in a pie, but these will change your mind. 

Don't bother coming here if you're looking for a fancy sit down meal. It's completely no-frills, but completely tasty. 

One great thing to know about this place: They open at 9 am every day. Taboulleh for breakfast? Sure, why not?
Rather than continuing to repeat what is said in the other reviews, if you like Middle Eastern food, you'll love Al-Hana.
It is fresh - made on the spot with Halal meats and fresh produce, the breads, wraps and pies all made from scratch and cooked there.
It is inexpensive - the little pies start at 69 cents and most of the sandwiches are under $5. You can easily feed two for about $10.
And it is good - all the fresh, homemade ingredients really come through in the flavors and textures, tasty meat, warm bread, crisp, fresh produce.
I am definitely going to make eating at Al-Hana a habit. It sure beats the alternative of corporate chain restaurants, processed ingredients and assembly line packaged food.
How many curse words can I say in one sentence to describe how good this place is?

Holy f*****g hell, this is the best g*****n thing I've ever f*****g eaten that only cost $4 and s**t, b***h, it is good!

oh, seriously though, anyone who is a friend of mine knows I don't mind eating in a market in a neighborhood bordered by the projects. This place definitely fits that criteria. It's about 3 blocks north of Van Buren, on 20th street, across from the county hospital, and one of the most drug ridden project housing developments in the city. I don't care. The food here is absolutely delicious, and it is cheap cheap cheap.

I just got home from another visit, and for the first time, I found something negative to say. The cute little hispanic girl that was running the cash register, said to me at 8pm, "we are closed dude" as I was finishing up my last bite and starting to get up and leave. Maybe next time I'll try to get there about 17 seconds earlier so I won't inconvenience you. 

Shwarma, hummus, kebab, kafta, etc. it doesn't matter, everything is all made from scratch, and when you order it, is amazingly delicious.
Have you ever tried the chicken rotisserie here? They go fast so you have to be lucky to get one unless you call ahead. Its not so much about the rotisserie chicken as it is about the amazing and creamy and smooth and exceptionally well balanced Garlic Sauce/spread they give you that goes along with the chicken. 

Have I told you how amazing this spread is. If only I knew the recipe...I would eat it by the tub...okay maybe by the spoonfuls. Anyway...try the chicken rotisserie or the chicken taook. Heck if you don't want to eat either of those things...just ask for some garlic sauce on the side with whatever you are eating. You will not be disappointed.
After reading the reviews I had to try this place so I took a friend today. We had beef and chicken shwarma, kebob, and 3 pies. Everything was really good and very inexpensive. The pita sandwiches are $4 and the pies 69 cents each so everything including drinks was under $20. 

While your there you HAVE to check out the store. They have some awesome stuff for really good prices. I had to get some olive oil and lamb chops becuase I couldn't pass up such a great deal and the meat looked very fresh.
This place has excellent shawarmas for a low price of $3.99.  I go here almost weekly and they are consistently good.  They have a $10 minimum for debit so bring cash.  Also, the store that they are connected to, Baiz Market, carries hookah supplies.  Phoenix needs more places like this.
Two words, super awesome.  Slightly more west of the 51 than I am normally comfortable traveling, but I was feeling adventurous, so glad.  So it's this little eatery tucked inside a market, no frills.  You order at the counter and they call you when it's ready.

I had the whole rotisserie chicken which comes with pita, garlic sauce, and a huge plate of lettuce, pickles, and tomato.  Since I was being so adventurous, I opted for a soda.  Altogether, about $9.  The food was great, almost spectacular.  I literally ate the ENTIRE chicken with most of the extras.  It was that good.  My dining partner has the Iraqi Plate, which looked amazing, and judging by the amount of conversation (nil), I can only conclude that it was delicious as well.

I can't wait to try more things here and eagerly await my next visit!  Oh, and if you're looking for desert, you can walk outside the market and hang a right or left and pick up some crack, heroin, or maybe even a lady-friend for a few minutes of after-dinner relaxation in a nearby alley.
What a gem!!!! I tried this place for the first time yesterday, and we ended up going back again today!!! The Chicken Schwarma sandwiches are awesome. The hummus is great, and the Chicken Tahook with garlic sauce is going to be the death of me (in a good way)  The food is in expensive (we paid 15 bucks for a chicken tahook plate (great chicken skewers served with pickles, hummus, pita and garlic sauce) a chicken schwarma sandwich, a small lamb meat pie, small cheese pie and a large spinach pie. Needless to say I"m speaking from a bread coma right now, but it's well worth it!! Do yourself a favor, this place is great!
8/20
This grocery-slash-eatery reminds me more of Cafe Istanbul in terms of its lighter traffic than that of Haji-Baba's eatery and market.  Some of the items on the shelves had a light blanket of dust...
Ordered the beef kabob (2 pcs.) platter, with lettuce, onions, hummus, and two pitas.  The kabobs were tasty, even though they were slightly overdone in temperature.  Liked the pitas, disliked the hummus.  I couldn't taste any flavors from the chickpeas, tahini, or spices.  Just that of an oil I couldn't even place its origin.  As I was finishing up the kabobs and pita, I spied two young men enjoying their beef shawarmas, so I ordered one to-go.  Got into my car and couldn't wait to have a bite...  I should've gone with my first choice (of beef shawarma)- this was a very tasty selection.  I'd come back to order it again.

I also enjoyed a Lebanese baked dessert, almost cake-like, with two distinct layers- slightly sweet cheese, reminiscent of dried-out ricotta and cream cheese, on the bottom and golden-orange wheat (semolina?), topped with crushed pistachios.  A side sauce dish of simple syrup accompanied the dessert.  I had asked the woman behind the counter two times what the dish was called, and she didn't sound too confident in telling me that she knew it as "shmeer."  (It's the closest thing I could decipher.  Perhaps "shmeed" might be a better word... can anyone help me?)  The ff. is the closest image I found to what I think I had.  (If so, then my dessert was missing the ashtar topping, a type of clotted cream, pictured below.)  The dessert I bought doesn't even come close to approaching the wow factor of this link's image... Kanefe/Knefeh.

http://grabyourfork.blogspot.com/2007/08/rabeih-sweets-punchbowl.html
Just off the 10 freeway in Phoenix, past the Cheech n Chong looking chop-shop, beyond the unsavory, indigent-from-poor-decisions addict looking for a quick fix, ahead of the prison like barbwire engulfing the area, a little further then "Alamo (and yes, probably a bullet hole or many) Beer & Wine" quick shop, rests an unseemly building: Baiz Market. 

The inside of this establishment is not any better so disregard any hackneyed phrases--"don't judge a book by it's cover"--for now. There is a lite smell reminiscing one of there grandparents cold, dark, musty cellar; and do not expect a warm greeting like the one received from former-convicts at the entrance way of Fry's. The floors match the smell, looking like they have taken a fifty or sixty year beating; and, yes, on the non-perishable items there is some dust. But their ripe produce, tasty deserts, just-chopped meats are definitely worth the trip; also within this repelling at first hub for commodities, sits an eatery to the left from the entrance: Al Hana, the orgasm in your mouth.  

Once free of unfavorable feelings, casually walk (nothing to fear, unless you are afraid of rockin' taste) over to the counter of Al Hana's; and order some unforgettable Mediterranian cuisine. We recommend the Shafta or the Shwarma (beef or chicken) with the garlic sauce, wow! Their pitas are made fresh in the "red-brick" (you'll get it later; but you have to try it) oven; their hummus tastes how really Hummus should. Also, try their pies (basically pita pizza)--cheese or meat. 

Everything we ate--shafta, shwarma, hummus with a grip of pita, 1 large cheese pie, 1 small meat pie, a can of pineapple soda (with really sugar) and a can of grape soda (also not corn syrup)--totaled to only $17.46. True story. So word to the wise, let go, try it, wolf-down a shafta or shwarma pita burrito (for only $4.99 each) because haste does not lack taste. 

Side note: their saffron is $24 for 4.5g (best deal around here we have seen).
After Yelp Office Hours on Tuesday (Thanks Again Gabi! :-), Mr. K, Brian S and I decided that we needed lunch...were to go?...were...to...go?

We were sort of in the neighborhood of Al-Hana, (OK, not really, but close enough) and it won out over some of the other suggestions...and I'm glad it did:)

We all like discovering new places and this little spot takes some discovering:)

If you don't know that it's inside Baiz market, you will never discover Al-Hana...and that would be a shame:)

Much like the cafe at Ranch Market (just up the street) this little cafe is a genuine delight embedded in this small grocery market (with, apparently, no end of interesting food items and sundries in its aisles:)

One of the more interesting things I noted, during our visit, was the sizable inventory of hookah's, under lock and key, in the front of the store:)

They must have 50 of these things in stock!

I'm not a hookah marketing expert, but if asked about inventory management of hookah's, I would have said "hold on there, Earl, I think 3 or 4 hookah's in stock is plenty" :-)

So, imagine my surprise and delight, when, during a one hour lunch, I saw 2 of these water pipes walk out the door, accompanied by all sorts of tobacco cans, and other paraphenalia:)

And, these hookah's aren't cheap...sticker price looks to be around $200 for the low end models (I really can't tell high end from low end, with hookah's...I'm just going with size as the differentiator:-)

What is cheap at Al-Hana/Baiz is lunch...cheap and delightful:)

I had Chicken Shawarma and fries (I know...intriguing combo:)...quite tasty:)

I got a chance to sample Brian's Hummus and Babaghannuj and I looked over the menu for future visits...because there will be future visits:)

The menu includes kabob's, whole roasted chickens, delightful little meat pies ($.69 each...wow!:), and whole host of middle eastern delights...and fries:)

And last, but not least, the staff at Al-Hana is so friendly, smiling and eager to please:)

It's a stark contrast to the places that think it's enough to just take your order and toss your food at you...the nice people that took care of me just didn't stop smiling the entire time I was there...and I didn't even have spinach in my teeth...this time:)

Half-way between Roosevelt and Van Buren on 20th St.

It's worth making the trip:)
I finally made my way to the market and Al-Hana yesterday for a lunchtime feast. I ordered WAY too much for myself and 2 co-workers but everything was just as I remember from my childhood (of eating things most other kids wouldn't). I thought the dolmas in particular had a great consistency, density and flavor. my boss loved the meat and cheese pies, the hummus was nice, not too thick like pre-made hummus, and the babaghannouj was blended to perfection. I spent $27 on what turned out to be 5+ meals. 

YUM! Al-Hana I adore you!
I feel a little funny granting five stars, since that kind of rave implies everyone will love Al Hana - and I dont think that's true.  It helps to leave one's Scottsdale or Camelback corridor preconceptions in the parking lot, in order to find treasure within the area blight, and indeed, within the gray, dreary walls of Baiz Market. 

If you approach Al Hana with a traveler's sense of wonder, however, this establishment is very cool.  The market is fascinating, especially the tiny bakery and butcher area in the back. The restaurant is more of a simple counter, no frills and limited menu, but rates an objective five stars based on food quality, value and service.  Delicious, cheap, and the young lady who helped us was very nice.  I dont need a sorbet course to give it five stars. 

Maybe it's different during lunch hour, but at 5:30pm we were the only Anglos in this fairly large neighborhood facility.  Many women in hijabs and abayas.  Young men of varied Middle Eastern persuasion. In most respects, it felt like a market half way around the world.  Iraq or Jordan maybe.  Not every Arizonan's cup of tea, perhaps, but for foodophiles and the culturally curious, definitely recommended.
"Do you like Middle Eastern food?" 

This question started my impromptu tour of Cool Places I Didn't Know Existed in Phoenix.  Uh, wait... where are we?  A grocery store?  I like it!

Al-Hana is located within Baiz Market - if you didn't know that, you would probably never find it.  Walking inside, I was immediately taken with the scent of exotic spices, and the interesting combination of hookahs and religious artwork for sale.  I could have spent way longer lingering in the aisles - they have items that I haven't seen elsewhere, and at very reasonable prices. 
   
The dining area is a simple order-at-the-counter setup, with a small collection of tables and chairs.  It is easy to see that everything is made fresh on-site, since the brick oven is right behind the counter and you can watch the goodness happen.  

Ooohhh... the food...  babaghannuj with fresh pita, chicken shawarma, and adorable meat pies.  Oh yes!  The more I ate, the happier I was.  By the end, I was smiling and waving at the guys working the brick oven.  You are awesome!  Oh, and the whole table full of delights was only $12...  

Too bad I ran out of stomach real estate (and was actually stuffed for the rest of the day) - so many other things I want to try and buy...  little pies that look like pizza... baklava (OK, actually the entire dessert case in the back of the store)... and the cheese, glorious cheese!

This makes me wonder, what other hidden gems are out there, waiting to be found?
Oh Al-Hana, your garlic sauce will be the end of me. This little spot in the Baiz Market is not located in the best part of town but is truly a gem. My husband loves their schwarma sandwiches and I always get the chicken ta-ook (I apologize profusely for the atrocious spelling). I also love the tabouli. We have also had their meat and cheese pies which are pretty good. They have really good hummus and babaganoush. The garlic sauce that comes with it is to die for and I always want to eat ungodly amounts of it. Pita bread and garlic sauce...that could be my meal in itself. Love it. I always like picking up a packages of pita bread while we are there. I think we spend less than $1 for a pack of 6 pitas. Crazy cheap! Would I go to Baiz to buy groceries? Not so much but we definitely make the drive for Al-Hana.
I went with a few friends and we split a few dishes, so I got to try a good amount of stuff.  Here goes:

beef shawarma - Very, very good.  Only about $4, so it was tasty and well priced.

flafel sandwich - Also good.  Falafel is incredibly hard to make well, and there's is pretty damn good.  Not the best I've ever had (that was at a street market in Amsterdam), but it was still much better than most.

baba ganoush - like falafel, this is also very difficult to get right.  Any idiot can make a decent hummus, but baba is tough.  Theirs has excellent flavor, but it was served too cold.  I like it to be a bit chilled, slightly below room temp, but this was straight-up cold.  I don't know if they always do it this way, but this was my experience.

meat pie - this was okay, nothing too special.  It was pretty cheap, so I guess I can't complain too much.  

Oh, the garlic sauce was frickin' amazing.  An absolute must have!

other notes:  since it's a market, you're better off buying your drink in the market side.  1 bottle of water from the cooler next to the food register was $1.50, but a package of 24 bottles of water from the market was ~$5.  You decide.
It is a hidden place you would never know about, but really is it worth knowing?

 I went here for lunch with my coworker who took some convincing. We walked in the front door of the market and saw the menu. We took some time staring at it as we expect to see a few more options. I opted for the falafil sandwich $2.99 and a side of fires for 1.99. I also purchased a juice from the market side of the store. 

While our food was prepared we walked the isles of this market. We enjoyed seeing the alien to us foods. Our number was called out and our food was waiting for us on the counter.

 We picked up and then unwrapped it. My first surprise was the bread, it was not a pita, peta nor lafa it was some other form of thin flatbread. Along with my falafel there was a salad of pickles and other pickled vegetables some were shades of neon purple and ample sauce. The falafel was a bit too firm for me, and the flat bread was not my favorite but the salad part was good. 

My coworker did really enjoy his chicken shwarma calling it "damn awesome"

They did lack the condiments I wanted as some hot sauce would have been appreciated. 

The fries were a bit undercooked, unsalted and we lacked ketchup.

Overall it was a cheap decent meal, but the location, ambiance and lack of cups of water or fountain drinks lowered my score.
I went back here today with the same cowoker as last time.

This time things were a bit more user friendly. We were offered a full print menul to look at by the register, this listed everything and described it.

I went with the flafil, at 2.99 it is a bargain, and a "cheese pie" as the name just spoke to me.

The Flafil was decent, the flat bread is not my favorite but for 2.99 its a good filling meal.  

The cheese pie is best described as sauceless pizza, cheesy bread etc. It was good, the cheese was nicely melted and browned and the crust was good and chewy. at 1.99 is a great addition to any meal.

My coworker loves the fries for some reason. 

He also tried a mint yogurt drink. It may have been bad (but the date said it was good). Maybe that is just the taste, either way it tasted like bad milk wit a mint after taste.
What is the hype people????I went here for lunch after seeing all the awesome  reviews, but I was disappointed. First, the menu is very hard to understand (see the pic that someone posted). I ordered the chicken shwarma sandwich and hummus platter. There isn't much of a drink selection in the tiny fridge. For soda, all they had was the cans and they charged $1.00 for them. Later, while I was eating I noticed a lot of people were buying their drinks from the market, then coming over to order their food (pain in the ass if you ask me). Anyhow, so I was only 1 of a few people there and the food took quite a while. When they finally called my order I went up and asked for the "garlic sauce" that I heard so much about on here and the lady said it would cost $1.00. I said nevermind because I wasn't going to pay that for a small container of condiment! I was surprised at how small the sandwich was. It wasn't  impressive either. Just a grilled flatbread with a few pieces of  chicken, a few tomato slices, lettuce, and a little sauce. In my opinion this wasn't worth 3.99, but more worth 2.50 or something because of its size and how little filling there was.The hummus was good, but  nothing spectacular. This place is also in a dodgy part of town right across from project housing...literally right across the street. The market was pretty cool though and I'll prob return (during the daylight of course) for some olives, olive oil, and pita. BUT will skip out on dining here.
Ben B. and I visited Al-Hana after a tiresome IKEA outing and BABA-GODDAMN this stuff is YUMMY AS HELL. We nearly stuffed ourselves to capacity on the smoky babaganoush and hummus. We had the chicken shawarma and Ben had something with spiced beef in it... the name lasted on my tongue about as long as the food, can't remember it, so sorry.

Nothing over 3.99. Seriously. You must.
I love to gfrab a bite and then shop here.  The falafel wrap is great.   Price is amazing for such a filling item.  My husband and I like to eat a few of the items when they come fresh out of the oven.  Everything tastes homeade.  

The market has the best persian cucumbers, veggies, and fresh meat.  We like the Turkish jams and other Turkish products.  The soap assortment is also really neat!  I give these out as gifts and everyone loves them.
Let me start off by saying that I love this place. They have wonderful food, fantastic prices and are located within the Baiz Market (which I also love).

I grew up pretty spoiled in Chicago when it came to Middle Eastern food, and I was a little sad when I moved out to Phoenix. Don't get me wrong, there are some great spots out here for Middle Eastern grub, but it's nothing like it is back in Chi. Al-Hana though is where it's at.

There Baba is probably the best I've had and I love that they had fresh bread from the bakery to serve with anything you order. I was blown away by their sandwiches as well. I've always been used to the pita boat style of sandwich, but at Al-Hana they prepare it like a wrap that's then grilled for a bit to make it crispy. That was new and an incredible treat for me.

If you're a fan of Middle Eastern food and can make the trip, you kinda need to pay your respects to this place.
Al-Hana makes me sad for one reason: I am so in love with the falafel that I still haven't had a chance to try their world-famous cheese pizza thingies.

For the uninitiated, Al-Hana is the restaurant that occupies one corner of Baiz Market, the amazing Middle Eastern grocery at 20th and Roosevelt.

If you want amazing food, period, you gotta eat here. The pitas are baked in-house and they are amazing. flavorful, soft, just chewy enough, and perfect. The falafel is seasoned perfectly and fried to a crunchy perfection. The babaganouj is impressive, as is the Hummus. The only thing I am not 100% in love with is the Tabbouleh, which is just a tad short on lemon flavor for my taste. If you're feeling like a salad, I would recommend the fettoush salad instead, as it is an unexpected delight.

The set up is a bit on the disorganized side: The menu board is an incomprehensible mess, so you're better off asking for a menu, or even better, describing what you want to the helpful staff. The food does take a bit of time, so feel free to explore the market while you wait.

Al-Hana is a great place to take people who think that Phoenix is just a city full of Macaroni Grills and Cheesecake Factories. They will be surprised at what unique, authentic spots we have here in town....but you might want to warn them about the whole goat in the butcher department first.
i have to admit that i am a fan of haji-baba's falafel. a big fan. a big, huge fan. that being said, this was not haji-baba's falafel sandwich. it was slightly dry, had floursecent pink pickles (i think they were pickles) and the falafel balls were mushy - not crispy on the outside. 

based on other reviewers' recommendations, i ordered a side of garlic sauce. it was definitely garlicky and good, though the mayo-like consistency was a little bizarre. the pita bread was good and hummus delicious. despite this, my craving for falafel went unsatisfied.
OK, I'm not used to getting so much tasty food for so cheap. Another rare gem found through yelp! While some of the reviews described an eatery that seemed to good to be true, I've never been disappointed by any establishment recommended by my fellow reviewers so I knew I was in for a treat. And boy, what a treat is was! The babaganooj was the best I've ever had, the beef kebab sandwich was really delicious and so substantial that I almost regretted having ordered other things. I wish I could remember the name of the dessert we had (I'll have it again anyway, when I return) but the cheese, the crushed pistachio nuts and the syrup made for a really rich heavenly delight. Another place that I'm kind of glad isn't too near where I live ... otherwise I'd be constantly overeating.
Now here's a trippy little place for you!  First off, I drive to a neighborhood that's worse than mine!  (Can you imagine??)  Then you park & enter this banged up mid-sized grocery, "Baiz Market".  Filing along next to a long line of HOOKAHS (I scat you not!), you & your bodyguards come to a small cafe inside.  This is Al-Hana, dripping with realistic atmosphere, as if it were in the slums of Istanbul!

I ordered a small Fattoush Salad & a Shawarma.  Not to be surprised by more weirdness here, I learned that you have to bring your own water with you to the restaurant!  Otherwise, they have bottles of water there that you can BUY!.  (At least the bathroom is free, but it's hidden way off in the southeast corner of the market.)

The small salad was actually medium-sized, different, & delicious.  The Shawarma amounted to about the same thing as a good-sized burrito, maybe 1 1/2 lbs., filled mostly with beef & lamb, plus a little onion, tomato & other things.  Like the salad, it was unusual & good!

By the way, you want the pita bread wrapping your Shawarma fresh?  Not to worry, they make the pita bread right there from scratch at the same time as their fixing everything else!

Shawarma $3.99, Small Fattoush Salad $2.99, 20 Oz. Squirt $1.49 = $8.47.
Thanks to a recent post on the "Downtown Phoenix Journal" blog by Justin Lee regarding cheap eats (11/4), I decided to give this place a try as I pretty much agreed with his other choices.

As I've previously been told many times, 'don't you ever get tired of hummus?', and apparently the answer is 'no'. Even though I had leftover hummus from Switch from the night before, I was not to be deterred from trying a new source relatively close to home (especially since Pita Jungle doesn't seem to want to open up in my lifetime, although the rumor is any day now). 

Sure enough at lunchtime, the place was not too crowded, but did do a solid and steady business. The girl behind the counter was extremely helpful and nice when asking for suggestions. Her's was the chicken shawarma, so off we went!  Of course, the crux of the story was to also get some hummus, which she mentioned didn't come with the sandwich, so I'd have to order separately. No prob, mate, its all good, so of course, let's get a small side.

My number gets called and the shawarma comes out more like a wrap, and the 'small' hummus was the size of a 12" dixie plate - fantastic!!

Net/net - the sandwich was solid and hummus was great.

The kicker is that its inside the grocery, so you get to do a little shopping for middle eastern coffee, turkish delights, cookies, etc., as a side benefit.
Yum! Finally after having enjoyed the Biaz Market for several select items I stopped in the other day just to try the food at Al-Hana.

I ordered 2 fried kibbeh (deep fried football shaped Bulgar wheat crust stuffed with seasoned lamb/beef) and the chicken schwarma. I have to say that this is some of the best kibbeh I have had and the schwarma was quite tasty as well. 

I really need to go back soon to try other items they had. Plus I can not be without the Namoura or Zoolbia Bamieh they have in their bakery for long.
Tip and tricks, that is the key.

I love pita and hummus, And the do offer this at Al-hana, however do not forget where you are, AT A GROCERY STORE. for .99 you can get a bag (5 or6) fresh still warm large pitas. Then for ~1.50 you can buy a can of hummus.  so for less than $3 you can have a huge amount of this to have with your meal.

As always I opt for the falafel sandwich which at 2.99 is a great deal but a bit small alone.

They do have hot sauce I found, but it is just franks red hot sauce, and it overwhelms the flavors of your food.

Try a Thyme (zatar) pie. for .99 it packs a huge flavor punch.

I recommend brining a bottle of water as there is no fountain for drinks here.
I was already headed to Baiz Market to go to Al Hana for lunch, was craving a shawarma sandwich.  Wanted something out side of the normal lunch foods other coworkers were coming in with.  Since I still have some time before I could clock off for lunch I looked up Al Hana on Yelp and boy was I happy I did! I already knew that Al Hana is just a corner in the Baiz Market and that the sitting area was small but great food comes out of that little corner! Yes the menu is on the wall and kinda lacking in details, but the cashier behind the counter is very helpful in explaining what the items are.
I normally get the falafel sandwich, but I had read many reviews who all stated that the cheese pie was worth a try and once I saw it was only $1.99 I thought why not! 
I had talked my coworker into giving it a try, so I had placed our order, 2 chicken shawarmas, priced at $3.99 a piece and 2 of the cheese pies, 2 meals under 15 bucks!   
While waiting for the food to be ready, I walked to the back of the market and got a tray of deserts to share with the office.  Man I cannot get enough of them little treats! The phyllo dough, crushed nuts and honey!! Oh that is heaven! 
Picked up my order and headed back to work.   The chicken shawarma was very delish! Chicken, tomatoes, onions, Arabic pickles and creamy garlic sauce wrapped in a fresh pita! Let me tell you I can eat pitas with just the garlic sauce, it is soo good!
The cheese pies, which is more like a pita with cheese was fabulous! It's just bread, but that doesn't quite describe it correctly, with cheese melted on top, so simple but yet so dang good!  My coworker even was happy with his lunch and it was his 1st time, he dug the garlic sauce too!  One day I will try the other items they offer. Look forward to going back.
Holy price increases value man! 

We knew something was up when the faithful menu board was down, there are new glossy printed menus, with new higher prices to match. The falafel is now 4.49 up from 2.99 a 50% increase. Most other items went up by $1 to $1.50

For that price the falafel is rather small and does not include any sides.

I still like the overall quality and taste of the food but the value factor bottomed out with this one move.

One a positive note we finally found a can of hummus on the grocery side that is good, and the fresh bags of pita are still .99 so you can still have a ton of pita and humus for $2.50 or less.
Good food and inexpensive.  The market is worth walking through while you wait.
This place is great. Hummus was awesome. Just a great all around place for Middle Eastern. The market is great too. Great to pass the time looking around while you wait for your food
The City of Angles, Los Angles, has to be one of my favorite foodie destinations. Pretty much every food trend over the past 5 years or so has its epicenter in LA. From Korean style frozen yogurt to cupcakes and now food trucks, the people of LA know a good thing when they taste it. While all of these trends have some how made their way to the Valley of the Sun, there's one thing that I've never been able to find here, garlic sauce like the one that's served at the LA institution Zankou Chicken.  

If you've heard of Zankou and its amazing Lebanese chicken and tangy fluffy garlic sauce you know exactly what I mean when I say it's ethereal. For those who've never tried it either pack an overnight bag and head to LA or drive down to 20th Street and Van Buren to Al-Hana inside of Baiz market, its the closest thing to Zankou Chicken in Phoenix and its close location makes it even better.

The area located around Baiz Market might seem a little rough around the edges but the market itself is clean, well lit and packed with all sorts of interesting Middle Eastern grocery items from dairy and fresh produce to meat and hookah paraphernalia. Tucked in the corner of the market is Al-Hana, a postage stamp sized restaurant specializing in, you guessed it Middle Eastern cooking. 

While the offerings might seem typical the flavors are bold and shouldn't be missed. The creamy roasted eggplant dip Babaghannuj ($4.49) had a smokiness usually not found in many other places. Al-Hana leaves their version thick and chunky with just the right amount of olive oil drizzled over the top. 

Ordering the Falafel Plate ($5.99) will get you 6 deep fried cumin scented pucks of ground chickpeas and fava beans. Pile a couple of these onto a freshly baked pita, slather with tahini and enjoy the crunch. Id also highly recommend the Labneh Pie ($2.99) which is filled with labneh, a Lebanese cream cheese, onions and tomatoes all baked in a light tender crust. 

The main dish for me was of course the Whole Roasted Chicken ($9.99). It comes with pita, pickles and garlic sauce. The chicken itself is so well seasoned and juicy it would seem like a crime to adorn it with anything until you get some garlic sauce on it. The texture is light and fluffy, almost like a garlicky mayonnaise. After one taste you might ask them for another container, seriously delicious. 

After a wonderful meal you'd think there wouldn't be enough room left for desert, but my rule is there's always room. With that I sauntered to the back of Baiz Market where their in store bakery is located, most of the case filled delights are around $2 each including a flaky syrup soaked baklava. 

While I love LA, knowing that I don't have to drive 300 miles to get my garlic sauce fix makes the drive across town all the tastier. 

Al-Hana inside Baiz Market
Open Daily
Came with my hubby and a friend, we ordered two entrees and hummus to share.  Chicken Kofta sandwich (aka pita wrap)  was awesome.  It's rare to find ground meat - even chicken - that doesn't taste like it's bathed in oil and fat.  This had great spiced flavor and tasted fresh and light.  Not crazy about the garlic sauce (it's clumpy and a little bland...tastes almost like regular butter to me), so I just dipped mine strait into the hummus instead. Yum!!

Prices were reasonable. 5 dollar wrap, and 4 for a "small" side of hummus that's more than enough to share.  Will definitely be coming back to try the falafel and take a look around the market.  (We took a peek at the deli while waiting for our food, and the fresh lamb looked outstanding!)

And IMO the surrounding neighborhood doesn't seem that sketchy to me.  Across the street from a park and some apartments that look pretty well-kept and clean.  I'm rolling my eyes big-time at some of the previous reviewers, here...
Great place. I love going to restaurants inside of markets...is it just me or is the food almost always better? The only downside is I always spend more than I anticipated because I start browsing the store while I wait for my food. The meat section is not for the faint of heart. There are whole lamb heads!

The babaganoush is so good! It has great flavor and texture...little mushy bits of eggplant come up every so often. I also love the chicken shwarma with garlic sauce and pickles. The meat, cheese, and spinach pies are a great little appetizer. To be honest, it's hard to go wrong here--I have yet to order something I didn't thoroughly enjoy!
I've been to Al-Hana at the Baiz Market several times and the consistency of the quality of their food, portion sizes and some of the pricing has changed but going in the wrong direction.  It still an A-OK place to go, but it used to 4 to 5 stars.

Restaurant ~ it's in the Baiz Market, so if you're needing to buy some Middle Eastern or Mediterranean food, staples and condiments this is a great place to shop!  They often have great buys on their ground lamb and beef.  Al-Hana is located in the front of the market.  The distinctive and spiced filled aroma hits you when you enter the market ~ "take a deep inhale, awe.." There is a small area for dinning up front that's clean and not too cramped.  Most people order to go, so don't worry about seating when you see a lot of people at the counter.  

Service ~ is quick and friendly.  Usually there are just three to four people working the restaurant, two cooks and one girl working furiously taking orders and ringing people up.  I don't like how they have their menu.  It's laminated on sheets of paper tied together with a ring.  They only have two sets, so you may need to wait to see their menu.  They get a lot of regulars which will walk right up to the counter beside you and in front of you if you give them an inch.  This experience is starting to remind me of that Seinfeld episode "Soup Nazi".  You stand in line, hold your ground and order quickly, pay ~ then move aside and wait for your number to be called.  Having an idea of what you want ahead of time is recommended, so read the Yelp reviews before going.  

Food ~the spinning skewers of meat look and smell amazing, one beef and one chicken but no lamb? WHAT??  The beef and chicken sandwiches used to look more like middle eastern burritos stuffed full of meat and veggies but lately they look more like taquitos with some veggies thrown in.  

Their kabobs, both beef and chicken are better and you can get those as a sandwich if you ask.  Their Babaghannuj is much better than their Humus.  Humus is ok, small side is now $3.99 and sold seperately, but their Baba is delish!  The pitas lately have also been hit and miss.  Our pita's were too dry and almost brittle on our last visit.  Thanks to the Baba, we didn't mind so much.

All in all, Al-Hana has changed in my opinion with there being better options to choose from within a 5 mile drive.  I will go back to shop the Baiz Market and plan stop by Al-Hana again soon.  Hope to see you there.
Al-Hana wasn't bad, it just didn't blow me away.  I went there for lunch and ordered the chicken shawarma and a (very large) side of hummus with some pita.  The sandwich was smaller than I expected, but for $5 is pretty fair.  Everything tasted pretty good, but I've had more flavorful Middle Eastern food outside of Phoenix. 

A note about the neighborhood.  I can understand why some reviewers weren't totally comfortable here, but I really don't think it's a bad or dangerous area.  In my opinion, low income doesn't always equal 'hood.  There are families in the nearby park, well-kept homes, clean sidewalks, etc.  It's not an area that's going to entice to explore on a leisurely walk, but I felt plenty safe walking there from McDowell.
Wow! During a bi-annual allergy induced laryngitis, I went in search for my favorite tea- dry desert lime. Apparently, I am the only one in PHX who knows it because no one is carrying it this year. Next best thing? Find dried limes. This quest led me to Biaz Market. The neighborhood it is in is rough, but it's more poverty than unsafe. The parking lot, though, was full. Walking in I decided to spend some time wandering the aisles. Within 30 seconds I was blown away. They have rose water and orange blossom water for 99 cents! The only place I had found it before sells it for $4! Fresh produce, cheeses, meats. Fresh herbs that I can't find elsewhere for only 89 cents! What? Am I dreaming? An entire aisle of spices- so many that I missed my limes I originally came here for. The very, very nice employee didn't just tell me what aisle, she walked me straight to it and when I commented about a ground version, she helped me search for that. Dolmas in cans and jars for under $3 (and they're freaking delicious!). Pita bread 50 cents. So much yummy stuff priced so well. We don't often get such gems of ethnicity in Phoenix, but this hidden treasure made me feel sooooooo good on a sick day. I can't wait to go back and try the restaurant, buy more groceries and test my cooking skills, and get get my fix of the world abroad without having to buts out the bones for an international flight.
I'm writing this update on Al-Hana to let everyone know they've made some changes recently and for the BEST! 

The Baiz Market is pretty much the same.  It's a wonderful Middle Eastern and Mediterranean food market and THE BEST place to buy olives, oils, middle eastern spices and pita bread!!  2 for $1and it's fresh daily! 

Al-Hana~ "take a deep inhale as you enter the Baiz market, awe...." It's the same wonderful aroma and quality of food but they've made some changes to their menu.  Yes, that's right I said menu.  They have menu's now!  They are nicely done with full color pics of most dishes so no more guessing and no need for an interrupter!

Their dishes have changed.  They've added rice to most of their dishes at no extra charge. In fact they lowered their prices on a lot of things and changed up a lot of their entries to include rice, hummus and garlic sauce! 

The chicken and beef schawarma are both some of the best in town but I prefer the Shish Taook ~ two huge skewers of grilled to perfection chicken seasoned in taook spices on top of a large bed of seasoned and delicious rice served with hummus, mixed pickles, tomatoes and their garlic sauce.  It is a HUMONGOUS plate full of tasty goodness that comes with two fresh pitas on top.  It's enough food for two people, people!  So be ready to share.  Their garlic sauce and hummus are as good or better than anyone else's their Shish Taook will leave you wanting!

I also recommend getting some of their small meat, cheese or cheese with spinach pies, the small square ones that are folded, heated for an appetizer and share a plate of hummus.  Their small pies are full of flavor and the pie dough is awesome!! 

Plan to par-ooze the market while you wait for your food.  Skip the pepsi coolers near the Al-Hana counter for your beverage and pick a beverage from the large coolers on the first aisle leading back to the produce.  This is where you'll find just about anything and everything from the middle east to drink.  Yes!

They still have the same wonderful team of two guys cooking and the young lady running 100 MPH taking orders and serving everyone all at once.  They have made some fantastic changes and they one of THE BEST places to go for your Middle Eastern and Mediterranean food fixes.  I hope to see you there!
I only wish we had found this place sooner!  My husband and I moved here from Michigan 5 years ago, the Middle Eastern food in MI can't be beat!  One of the things I missed the most was chicken shawarma sandwiches.  I spent almost 4 years searching for a good Middle Eastern restaurant but it seemed every restaurant I found around the Phoenix area was Persian style which I personally don't like.  

One day a friend recommended Al-Hana inside the Baiz Market.  My husband and I decided to give it a try and we were blown away!  This is how chicken shawarma should taste, and the garlic sauce is perfection.   The meat, cheese and spinach pies they sell are also incredibly good.  I think you can get a dozen for $9 or $10 dollars.  We usually buy a dozen to take home and eat them for breakfast over the next few days.  

The best part is they're located inside a Middle Eastern market so you can buy specialty items for a really great price while you're waiting for your food!  You can buy jars of tahini for less than half the price you would pay in a normal grocery store, and get specialty spices like Sumac for a very cheap price ($1.99.)

I also have to add that both of the girls that are usually behind the register are very sweet and always strike up a conversation with me, and if I ever order anything special the cook always double checks with me before making my order.
There isn't any other place I think I could eat an entire order of hummus by myself.... This is the Real deal. Yeah it's in a crappy neighborhood, and the food is served on styrofoam, in a market that could use a major overhaul, but who cares?! The food is SO good. 

I'm a vegetarian and have eaten at pretty much every middle eastern place in this city. This one unarguably has the best baba ganouj and hummus ever, as well as great tabbouleh. And that dessert with semolina on top of cheese? Heaven.
Lebanese food is one of my favorite cuisines.  Having heard about this combined market/restaurant, and seen it on Howard Seftel's list of top Middle Eastern restaurants in Phoenix, I decided to check this place out.  I couldn't decide whether it sounded more like a Haji Baba or Cafe Istanbul type place.

Upon entering the facility, it became clear that this place is much more market than the aforementioned establishments.  It's basically a grocery store, with a little corner cordoned off for the restaurant.  There is no table service; you order at the counter.  The menu consists of appetizers, salads, pies (I may have to venture into this territory; it's something Cafe Istanbul and Haji Baba don't have), plates, and sandwiches.

I was disappointed to find that they don't have lamb tongue, and that they were out of soujouk and ma'anek.  I went with the lamb sandwich, which didn't have the lamb in kabab form like you would expect, but rather as a ground-up kafta type of consistency.

The sandwiches weren't huge, but I will say, that lamb was nicely flavored.  And my dining companion mentioned that the beef shawarma was pretty tasty as well.  The food really is pretty good.

Cafe Istanbul still has this place beat.  This is true when it comes to food, but even more so when it comes to ambiance.  But it's nice that there is a respectable place to get Middle Eastern food in downtown Phoenix.
This restaurant is inside the Baiz Market!  So, don't waste your time trying to GPS it- just GPS Baiz market!

Secondly, ambiance or quick service are probably not the reasons you'd come to eat inside an outdated restaurant on styrofoam plates.

The food, however, is pretty tasty.  They have a wide variety of items typical to Middle Eastern cuisine: shawarmas, falafel, kebabs, pies, and more.  They heat items up in an open oven and the food comes out very fresh and hot!

I tried the cheese pie and shawarma.  Both items were very good.  I still got onions when I asked for them to be excluded.  I suggest skipping their small beverage options in the adjacent cooler and going to the selection on the south side of the store for a better deal and variety.

All in all, it is definitely worth trying out, especially if you are going to Baiz Market anyway!
Oh my!!  Not only was this some of the best Middle Eastern food I've had in Phoenix, but it's rates right up there with some the best food ever!  And for cheap!  

Met up here for lunch today with Rand H, Mike C and Arlin B and even though it's in a crappy part of town, it was well worth it.  We started with some of the little pies, we had the meat, and the spinah/cheese.  Different than other pies I have had at Middle Eastern places, these were made with a tasty dough instead of the layered sheets of whatever they use.  The fillings were seasoned and fantastic, so good I bought a dozen to take home!  99cents for one, 8.99 a dozen, how can you beat that price?! We also all shared a plate of hummus that was delicious, creamy and tasted like hummus should.  

For my meal I ordered the beef shawerma plate, but was already full from the other goodies I brought most of it home.  While the meat looked like it was burnt, it was nothing but tender and seasoned just right.  Oh...and everything came with what seemed a stack of fresh made pitas!  

Hours later I'm still in that happy food coma place and I'm already planning my next visit.
After almost two years, I finally made it back here to eat, this time joined by Arlin B., Robyn N. & Mike C.  The menu has changed, although not necessarily the food choices overall, & they have remodeled the cafe into a cute little area from it's totally plain past.

I suggest coming here a little early with your ice chest & begin your Al-Hana adventure with a little fun shopping in the Baiz Market encasing this little eatery.  I would call it a small supermarket (?), the prices are reasonable, & they carry lots of things that I feel sure you won't find where you usually do your shopping.  Of course it's most fun shopping hungry, not full.     :-)

Ok, then it's on to Al-Hana Cafe.  They offer about 18 combination plates plus a host of ala carte items, so it's going to take you a lot of visits to get tired of this place!  For my much-too-seldom visit today I ordered a Lamb Kabab plate, which came with tomatoes, onions, pickles, hummus, rice & several big circles of pita bread to roll it all up in.  It was plenty to eat, totally delicious, & priced very fairly at $8.99!

A negative is that you still have to bring your own water if you don't want to buy a bottle of theirs (or a soft drink including MIddle Eastern treats), but the counter service is friendly & they are open 7 days from 9 AM to 8 PM.

Yum!     :-))
As most reviewers have already pointed out, Al Hana, located in the Baiz Market, is not in the best of neighborhoods but the food, the prices and service with a smile will have you coming back for more. We ordered tabouli, hummus, shisk taook a falafel plate and 2 bottles of water (sorry, no cocktails here). The bill came in at just under $28 and we paid at the counter. Our food was quickly prepared and was ready in less than ten minutes. Everything was delicious and the portions were generous. The baklawa is actually to the rear of the store at a separate counter and there are many varieties to choose from. We will absolutely come back not only for the food but also for the vast selection of middle eastern and international foods sold at Baiz Market. After our meal, we spent another half hour in the store picking up various items to stock our pantry. All meats sold at Baiz are Zabiha and Halal.
Highest of recommendations for this place.  Superb flavor, great prices.  Perfect spot to grab a bite before a ball game downtown (not near the rail line).  

Just know what to expect-- it's a deli counter in a middle eastern market in a "questionable" neighborhood.  The tables are aluminum and rickety, so I usually take it to go.

The hummus is the best in town, as is the pita.  I usually take an extra order of both to bring home for the week.  The baba ganaouj is good and very smokey, but I prefer the hummus.

I've tried every sandwich on the menu.  The best is the chicken shwarma.  Rotisserie chicken, shredded and seared crisp on the griddle, then folded into a pita with garlic spread, tomato, lettuce and pickle.  They are small and amazing, so I always get two.  The beef shwarma is also good.  

The kebab sandwiches are very tasty, but the pieces of meat are huge and difficult to eat in sandwich form.  Better off getting kebab plates.
A small restaurant located inside the Baiz Grocery story. The food is not that bad, although I have not tasted enough of the dishes...The meat pies and chicken shawarma were the big deals for me and I really like them.
Stopped back in to this cute little caf within a supermarket for lunch today.  This time I was joined by Robyn N. & Arlin B., & went with my "usual", the Lamb Kebab combination plate ($8.99).  This gives you two skewers of a grilled, finely minced lamb, served with tomatoes, pickles, hummus, two big round disks of pita bread, & a good sized serving of tasty, specially prepared rice.

Wow, what a feast this is for the money!  Putting everything on the pita bread except for the rice makes two BIG taco-like "sandwiches" that are SO GOOD, & also a filling, complete meal.

For a drink, I skipped the cooler full of the familiar brands & flavors near the kitchen & went with a choice from over in the grocery store area where they have a big selection of awesome beverages that you have never heard of!  I went with a yogurt drink that was zingy & just right to go with the food.

It needs to be more frequent trips to this place for me, in order to bite through the rest of their big selection of 18 combo plates plus getting back to the ala carte sandwiches & salad that I used to order the first couple of times I ate here.  Meanwhile, my experience at Al-Hana here today was TOTALLY 5 STARS!     :-))
I used to love you, Al-Hana.  I have fond memories of enjoying good food and good company while sitting at your little wobbly tables and chairs.  I fell in love with your babaghannuj.  Yes, you had a lot going for you.

I was disappointed, but kept coming back, when you decided to raise the price on Every Single Item I Like, while making all of the portions smaller.  I understood that you have to pay for those new glossy menus with the pretty pictures somehow even though I liked the old menu board with the plastic letters just fine, thanks.  I settled for slow and sometimes surly service from your staff.  Why?  Because I loved you. 

Well, I think our one-sided relationship has come to an end.  That last visit - you know, the one where you gave our food to another customer (uh, you were confused?), and left us waiting for over 35 minutes without an apology while fulfilling orders for people who arrived and ordered much much later?  That will be my last one.  

I especially will cherish the charming way in which the 'manager' grudgingly provided a refund for the food I never received.  "Do you want to return the water as well?"  Um, no.  Since I had to get it out of the cooler myself, I actually received that portion of what I ordered.  Thanks.

Keep your rising prices and shrinking portions.  You are no longer worth my affection.
If there was a 4.5, they'd win it...simple cafe inside Baiz Marketplace. I ordered entirely too much food to-go and was not disappointed by the price or taste!! Large hummus, baba ghanoush, tabouli (entire package of house-made pita included) + falafel wrap and shawarma wrap = about $30 and is enough food to eat as leftovers for days. 

Best of the best was the baba ghanoush. You can really taste the roasted/charred quality of the eggplant and it is balanced perfectly with the tahini. I love the slight chunkiness of the puree that really highlights and respects the ingredients. (Grade: A+++)

The falafel sandwich/wrap was also AMAZING! Great balance of pickles, tomatoes, tahini, etc. Cheaper than the other wraps (though all are super cheap given the quality ingredients, this is about $4) and the staff favorite. (Grade: A)

I asked the gal taking my order what her next fav wrap is and followed her suggestion of the chicken shawarma. This was certainly good, but I'll definitely stick with the falafel. (Grade: B) 

Tabouli was also spectacular! I would have preferred a bit more lemon, but was pleasantly surprised that they didn't overload it with bulgar (huge pet peeve of mine). (Grade: A) 

Lastly, the hummus is flavored more strongly with tahini than other hummus I've tried from M.E. restaurants, but texture is fantastic and I'm a fan! I'd say it's a standard hummus that won't blow your socks off, but is still certainly delicious. If you are new to hummus, this is the perfect intro. (Grade: A-) 

All and all, everything was well worth the trip, money and calories. The large sides fill up an entire full-size to-go box.  I will be back for sure!!
Stopped back in to this little caf within a trippy Middle-Eastern supermarket for lunch today.  This time I was joined by Ursula D & went with my "usual", the Lamb Kebab combination plate ($8.99).  This time they gave me FOUR skewers of a grilled, finely minced lamb, served with tomatoes, pickles, hummus, two big round disks of pita bread, & a good sized serving of tasty, specially prepared rice.  Yum!

Putting everything on the pita bread except for the rice and two of the skewers worth of lamb makes two BIG taco-like "sandwiches" that are really good, & also a filling meal.  Then there's the rest of the lamb & the tasty rice to finish up with.

For a drink, I again skipped the cooler full of the familiar brands & flavors near the kitchen & went with a choice from over in the grocery store area where they have a big selection of interesting, unusual beverages!  This time I went with a yogurt/mango drink different than what I had last time & it was delicious!

I do have some issues with this place.  One is that you can't get a cup of water to drink with your meal!  Another is that if you're paying with a credit or debit card you have to spend $10, which may force you to order more than you want here.  My friend ordered extra food to meet the requirement, but later was thirsty for some water (which they SELL), but was told back up at the counter that it would have to be cash only, since the water itself is less than $10 & wasn't ordered at the same time as everything else!  What???  I also asked for a to-go menu and was told, "Sorry, we're out of them."

I have a couple of ideas for you Al-Hana...

*  BUY AN IGLOO COOLER & PUT SOME WATER IN IT!

*  BE THRILLED THAT YOU HAVE CUSTOMERS & LET THEM PAY WITH A CARD IF THEY WANT TO!

*  WHEN YOU OPEN THE LAST BOX OF TAKE-OUT MENUS, ORDER SOME MORE!

5-STAR FOOD, 1-STAR MANAGEMENT!     :-O
----------------CASH Preferred.  Credit Card -- $10 minimum---------------

This is important if you're a single as most things on the menu are less than $10.     This place does not have filtered water or even water from a tap.  So, don't forget to grab your drink and pay for it with your food.  I didn't realize I could not get a cup of water when I ordered/paid for my food, so I ended up drinking a bottle of warm water in my car when I was done eating.  Meh.

This restaurant is down a street I would never drive down.  Most people would probably never pass this store in their commute to any place in the Valley.  The restaurant itself is located inside of a middle eastern (maybe Islamic/Kosher/?? as there are no pork products in this store) grocery store.  You will not see the name "Al-Hana" on the outside when you drive up, so don't be confused.

I had lunch here last week with the Yelper lunch UYE group with Rand H. I tried their chicken schwarma and the fatoosh.  Both tasted very good to me.  I thought the chicken was over cooked, but the flavor was still there and exceptionally good.  

The fun part about eating here is exploring the grocery store and standing out like a sore thumb.  I loved checking out all the products.  The herbs and spices you find in whole foods for astronomical prices are not so expensive in there.

I would love to go back and try this place, when I have cash on me.  I hope the 2nd time is the charm!

----------------CASH Preferred.  Credit Card -- $10 minimum---------------
I don't exactly agree with the reviewer, who wrote, this is not only the best Arab food in Phoenix, but everywhere!  Well, having been to Syria, Lebanon and Jordan, I can happily confirm the last sentence to be a BIG exaggeration; but it's an exaggeration even for Phoenix.

We had the dolmas, hummus and babaghanoush; so to be fair, that's what my review concerns.  I can't speak for any of the meat dishes, but while the hummus and babaghanoush are very good, my partner and I are in disagreement as to HOW good.  We both find the hummus to be better than at Haji Baba, a staple and favorite of ours in Tempe.  The hummus at Haji's is smoother; this one, more grainy.  You would think smoother would be better ... while it's a matter of taste, I would argue it isn't.  The grainier one leads me to believe it's most likely "homemade", while the smooth indicates mass-production.  Not saying that's the case for either; but having tried canned hummus, I suspect, I'm not wrong.  The babaghanoush here is of the same consistency as at Haji Baba's, but has a "smokier" texture.  As far as those two dishes go, we rate them hands down better than Haji Baba (though I think not by much; my partner thinks they're significantly better).  The dolmas ... meh.  Tastes like they're out of a can, whereas Haji Baba's is very distinct and "non-traditional".  

Now, here is a point, which, for some people --- including me --- is important:  ambiance.  

Just as Haji Baba is not a "real" restaurant per se, this place is located inside the shopping center.  The difference is that while Haji Baba's grocery section is smaller and distinctly separate from its restaurant, eating here is akin to going to the hot dog and pretzel counter at Costco.  There is NO separation -- except for a steel railing --- and as you eat, customers mill around the store.  It does not leave an impression or quiet, calm and privacy.  If ambiance is important to you, then this is most likely not the place to think about having a "real" meal.  On the other hand, the service at the food counter is friendly and quick.

I will do a separate review of the store, Baiz Market, which is the REAL gem here, but overall, I'd say the food is good, but nothing spectacular
Great hummus and good tasting pita and lamb! A great culture experience all inside a busy little market
Food in this place is alright and it is a little overpriced compare to other MiddleEaster eateries.

I ordered Lamb Kebob sandwich. It tasted alright not something I will ever order again. It had only three small  pieces lamb and the rest was vegetable. 

I won't eat here again that is for sure. I rather do the drive and go to Haji Baba
Very tasty food. Great grocery store for Mideast products. I have British Lebanese parents, grew up eating all the different styles of this food, one being a bit different than the other. I like this place.This is worth trying..Cheers
This place is my favorite for lunch!  After discovering Baiz on yelp I have been back for lunch almost once a week, sometimes more.  I usually get the chicken shawarma plate.  Wish it came with hummus, but it's available as a side.  Kabobs are good also, but they take awhile because they are cooked to order.  They make their own pita, it's always fresh.

You have to try this place if you haven't before!  Great food, friendly staff, and a market full of food you can't find in other grocery stores, you can shop while you wait for take out.
Enjoyed a fun little UYE here today for lunch, this time joined by Jackie C., Mike C., Scott D., Jon H. and Robyn N.!  I went with a Combo plate that included Lamburger Kebabs on a bed of tasty Basmati rice, plus little sides of diced onion, tomato, mild green peppers and hummus, plus 3 big round Pita Bread.  (You assemble everything to your liking.)

This good-sized meal was delicious, and for a drink I went with a bottle of tasty Mango Lasso.     :-))

Lamb Kebab Combo $8.99, Mango Lasso $1.69.
I visited Al-Hana for the first time today for an Unofficial Yelp Event with Rand H., Robyn N., Mike C., Jackie C. and the other Jon H. I enjoyed some great Hummus and Pita Bread plus my main course of Lamb Kafta for $8.99 and a can of soda for $.099; this meal set me back $10.75 today.

Prior to arriving, I perused some reviews and the menu. Pro Tip - this place is not located in the ghetto as some reviewers have mentioned. I did not have to use any of my martial arts training to get into and out of the restaurant. There was decent parking at about 11:10 when I got there. 

As I'm writing this review 4 hours later, I can tell you that I'm still stuffed. I really enjoyed my food along with conversations with my awesome lunch companions. Thanks to Rand for "inviting" me. I probably would have not tried this place otherwise.
Little no frills cafe integrated with a small international market. Had the chicken shawarma which turned out to be excellent. Could be better with the addition of some side dishes but for those who want a small light inexpensive hot lunch this isn't a bad little gem.
I come from a chatty family.  

With that said, my sister ALWAYS meets someone interesting when she flies -- she's so outgoing!

On her flight here to visit me, she met a man from Bangladesh that lives in Chandler.  During their discussion she told him of her love of Indian food, and he told her about this brand-new Indian & Pakistani restaurant.

This place is AMAZING.  The decor is really beautiful -- the tables have these colorful, carved wood chairs.  Very unusual, but very pretty.

We opted for the buffet -- it's nice to have variety, and it gives you a good idea of the caliber of a place -- and EVERYTHING was awesome.  One of the first things I tried was Indus chicken.  It reminds me a little of tandoori chicken -- it doesn't have any sauce -- but different.  It was incredible -- really tender, and I don't know what the seasoning was, but it was so yummy, I wanted to roll myself in it...

The chicken tikka masala, the paneer tikka masala, aloo gobi, rice, raita, okra, and chickpeas -- everything was wonderul.  Then, there is the naan.  Oh holy mother of God, the naan.  Hands down, the best I've ever had!  With that said, it was a *little* pricey -- with the buffet and drink it was about $18 (without tip).

The owner of the restaurant was so friendly -- very chatty -- loved hearing about how my sister heard about his restaurant.  Most of the people eating there were South Asian -- so you KNOW it rocks.

I don't live close to Chandler, but I will be back, AND OFTEN!  If you love Indian food, I implore you -- RUN, DON'T WALK to this restaurant!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Just remember to go hungry - it may be a little expensive, but it's SO worth it!
I have found it! A good indo/paki restaurant in Chandler.  A little hard to find just south of the Big Lots on Warner and Alma School rd.  The dinner prices are low. I mean hard to find anything over 7.99 low.  The portions seem small until you eat with naan and rice and then it really isn't.  Hands down the best naan I've had around here (because it's fresh and not overcooked)  The saag, CTM, Eggplant were all very good and spicy.  The owner is a cool dude who checks on you frequently and is a very nice person.  The decor is very bright.  For me could be a little cooler in the restaurant, but minor quibble.  Count me a fan - Will come back to try the rest of the menu.  The wife, who is a fierce critic of Indian food really enjoyed it.  Hooray for Chandler!
Sara F. what restaurant did you go to?!??! 

This place is as great, lunch or dinner buffet, you name it is good. I would like to consider myself a bit of an expert on Indian food, especially buffets. I grew up eating Indian food and I love my parents for it!

I loved that they have goat and lamb! Not many Indian buffets have either of those meats, or only have them on special occasions. Not Indus Village! I have been to lunch many times and they always have the chicken curry, I always skip the chicken though, the sauce is so so YUM!

They seem to have the same main dishes and change out a few other ones. But personally I have found a place where they have dishes I love, so I hope they have the same few dishes every time I'm there! 

This place doesn't disappoint!
This is a Pakastani restaurant not an Indian one. While there is overlap between the two cuisines, it's not the same. Pakastani food involves more grilled items and is less spicy. It's food involves less sauce, cream and heat (chile).The food was good but it tastes like really well made home cooked food as opposed to restaurant quality food. In some ways it was better in that it was less greasy and tasted fresh. In other ways it was worse because the execution on the vegetarian dishes was quite poor.

My biggest peeve was that many items were not available on the menu. Many of those items were basic. like Malai Kofta, Dahl Makhani, Shahi paneer and Paneer masala. In other words, the most notable Indian dishes on the menu were not available which confirms my observations above. Not one Dahl  was available that night. The owner claimed those dishes required too much prep time and since they make things fresh, those items were not available. Funny because every other Indian restaurant makes those dishes daily and they taste fine to me. I think the real reason is he didn't have a lot of cream and they were understaffed in the kitched and couldn't prepare those dishes on the spot.  

That being said, I do recommend this restaurant if you primarily go to Indian restaurants to eat Tandoori and grilled items. Indus Village seems to specialize in those dishes and I wouldn't be suprised if those dishes are some of the best in Phoenix. They really take pride in their grilled items. However this is not a vegan or vegetarian place. Yes, they have "vegan" mentioned somewhere on the menu but that is a joke. Eating vegetarian at a Pakastani restaurant is like asking for high fiber foods at a BBQ restaurant.
I first found this place in May right after we moved here, so my review is probably overdue ... it's a long, interesting story of what-did-happen. I thought I wrote one already ...

Anyway, we were in the first week of a month-long hotel stay and always looking for good desi (particularly Pakistani) food. So we walked in to check it out, not planning on staying for dinner at that point. But the owner was so friendly and welcoming we changed our minds fast. 

I would recommend the buffet over the menu unless there's something specific you want - it's varied with a lot of dishes to choose from. Things I particularly liked - the chicken tikka which is not completely covered in spice so you can really taste the grill of the meat instead of gulping water frantically. You don't find that in a lot of places. 

There is sometimes music on weekends - best to call ahead but it really adds to the atmosphere - very cool. The other thing I specifically wanted to mention was the lack of yogurt on the buffet. When I didn't find it (my 2nd time) I asked for some and was given a huge cereal bowl full - it was so delicious I had to eat the whole thing. It was homemade, fresh every day.

Others have covered the decor, completely authentic - very nice. The owner told us the furniture (chairs at least) came directly from Pakistan. 

I've been here about 4 times now and it is always a fallback. Also, during Ramadan they offered free Iftar food every night. 
This restaurant is actually the second one with the same name and management - the first is in Berkeley, CA and has been there for years. Wonderful to find it here too!

If you have the slightest interest in Pakistani / Indian cuisine, try this place - I'm pretty sure you won't be sorry!
Husband and I decided to try something different for dinner and were looking for fresh Indian-like food and discovered a gem in the rough.  Once you get beyond the strip mall location and leave any preconceived notion of Indian/Pakistani food at the door, you will be rewarded with a fantastic culinary experience.  We opted for the dinner buffet, which gave us a great variety of some fantastic Indian-Pakistani fare.  All the chicken dishes were excellent, naan was some of the best I've had, spinach and lentils were also great.  Staff were friendly and took requests for items not  offered in the buffet.  Great value for great food.  It's a must try.
One of the best Indian restaurants that I have been to. We went for a lunch buffet and had to loosen at least 2 notches on the belt. The chicken dishes were authentic mughlai and the vegeterian dishes were very flavorful. The kheer for desert was to die for. I would go back to Chandler, AZ to eat here again.
Indus here is nice inside & has a lot of character, much of it coming from the outrageously decorated high-back chairs.  Unfortunately, the table legs are barely far enough apart to slip the chairs underneath, making it very difficult to get up & down for your food!  Also, the front blinds were pulled up at lunchtime, making it glary inside.  They have overhead lights which would have done a better job by themselves.  I was whining to myself about all this until I started biting into the food.  Ooohhh, the food!

After some tasty tea & a simple salad, I started sampling the various hot dishes.  There's plenty of meat here... chicken, beef, lamb, mutton... all of it terrific, & all of it with names too long & screwy to remember all the way back to the table.  Ok, there was Biryani, for one thing.  This was some terrific rice with an array of things in it, including meat.  Also, there was hot Naan bread, brought to the table by my lovely server, & even THAT was special!  It was just plain, except for butter, but oh what delicious dough it was made from, & it was cooked to be soft in the middle & crunchy around the edges.  I loved it... & whatever all the rest of the food was here, it was all terrific!

*  2-Stars for the too-narrow tables & the glary blinds-up lighting.
*  5-Stars for the food, the service, & the price!

Lunch Buffet $7.95 including hot tea.
Let me start with the first thing in my mind: The naan was crunchy, not soft.  Did they spot the jew in me as I walked in?  Thanks but I don't need you to make a lame attempt to honor Passover for me.

Beyond that, this place is going to get another one of my typical reviews: Meh (tm).  I had my hopes up after reading the reviews, but I hit the lunch buffet yesterday and was a little disappointed.  Yeah, the decor is interesting, but who cares when you're the only one there?  The fact that it's stuck on the side of a sad shopping center with a Big Lots! and a oh-my-god-you-must-buy-our-furniture-before-we-close-which-will-never-happen furniture store doesn't really help its case.

The vegetable choices tasted bland.  The meat dishes were ok, which is why I even gave 3 stars.  I'm starting to think maybe I expect every Indian restaurant to have dishes that taste like those of my favorite place back in CA, which isn't really fair.  But even so, $31 for two lunch buffets w/ Diet Cokes?  Give me a break.

I won't be going back here.  More for you guys that like it, I guess.
Been to this place a couple of times. I love the weekend buffet because it has a create your chaat corner and I love paani poori. The rest of the buffet is mediocre but this place would get a 5 just for my bias towards chaat..but since most of u have no clue what that is.. 4 overall !
I'm giving it 5 stars purely on the food I received.
Yes - it was empty on a week night and service was so so but only the owner was there, yes -  the decorations are fabulous and the chairs a bit uncomfortable.
No - I have no idea what style of Indian food it is or what most of the names mean on the menu, no - I haven't been there for the buffet but if it's anything remotely close to the quality I had on a week night, pay the money!

Run, don't walk to this gem in the far southwest corner of the shopping plaza. Hoping the recent facelift will help but I had no clue this place was there until I walked by. 
The naan and chana masala are amazing and the lamb (boti kabobs) - sweet mercy  - it's full cuts of meat, no fat and not ground up. Sweet and spicy and cooked to perfection with wonderful chutney's on the side. 
Order take out or sit on the floor if you really don't like the chairs but go and check it out...it's worth it.
Though this place is a little hard to see from the street definitely make the effort to find it! Great decor, very friendly staff, good food. The nan bread was a little too cooked but tasty overall. 
I was there for the lunch menu and I was shocked to see there were not more people there. The price is typical for Indian buffet..I think 10-11 per person. My favorite was their house curry, it has been a few weeks since I have been there but have not stopped thinking about that dish!
It's been almost 5 months since I was here, & I'm happy to report that it's still good!  I was joined yesterday by Donald S., Brian C., Heather C., Audrey W., & Mike C. for the lunch buffet.  They had salad, chicken, lamb, & mutton dishes & a number of veggie selections, & we all had a great time!  It's Pakistani food, with a bit of Indian (Chicken Tikki Masala this time, for instance) thrown in.

Indus Village opens at 11:30 AM, & the Lunch Buffet is $7.95.
Had a great lunch boofay here today with fellow yelpers Brian C.,Heather C.,Donald S.,Audrey C. and Rand H. Well to start the decor is a little different but very nice and very comfy , the big fancy chairs that Rand did  not like, i did like (sorry Rand). The main dishes were all very good . They had 4 or 5 chicken dishes, lamb, mutton and about 4 or 5 veggie dishes. and only one dessert but it was good , it was the Indian style rice pudding you know the one with no cinnamon or raisons but still good . Yay I am a fan
I'm hard to please on buffets, but Indus was easily a 3.5 for me.

I had a delightful lunch with a few of the boys of boofay recently (Rand H, Donald S, and Mike C) who were gracious enough to allow Audrey W and I a guest pass. 

I stuck with more familiar dishes like curry and chicken tikki masala and was not disappointed.  I even threw in a salad for good measure.  You know, to fill you up so you don't eat as much?  Didn't work unfortunately.  Everything was fresh and flavorful.  Our server was sweet as can be ensuring we had plenty of delicious naan available.  If I had brought a bigger bag I probably would have stuffed the leftovers into it.  Maybe that's why so many women are fond of handbags that really should be on wheels.

Indus is outside my 5-mile radius, but I would definitely pay it another visit if in the area.  I'm especially curious about their regular menu.
I have attempted to sample the buffet here on three separate occasions.  The first time they did not have the buffet because of Ramadan.  The next attempt the restaurant was closed for AC issues.  Today I visited and there was no one to greet us and no buffet in site.  My coworkers now refer to this as the imaginary buffet.  It's great if you are on a diet.

The food I tried the first visit was pretty tasty, although their tandoor oven was out of order so they could not provide the naan we ordered.

Maybe they should have spent less on the chairs....
I like this place. I struggled between giving them a 3 or 4, but I think they deserve a 4.

naan is good - 5
tandoori chicken - 5
kabobs and stuff -3
qorma/tikkas - 4
Service - 4

Its good food. Not too spicy, the naan is fresh. The one thing to look out for with Indian food places is not the spicy stuff that will kick you while you are eating it, but the stuff with tons of garam masala that will make you feel remorseful after you ate the buffet. I think this place stays well clear of that line for their own benefit.

I'm really not feeling the decorations, the place is a little cramped due to the chairs and tables.

Desserts, I don't know, I didn't really fall for them. I'm a picky Indian, and I only eat a few desserts which Indus chooses not to have.

good place for indo/pak food.
I really really enjoyed this place and boyfriend and I got a huge amazing meal for $20 all together. Can't beat that!

The greatness: Their garlic naan is amazing and so so so much garlic. I was in heaven. The chicken tikaa masala was wonderful. The lunch special -- $4.99 (can you believe that, $4.99!) got a sizeable entree, rice, a small salad, two dipping sauces, and some chickpea something or other. 

Just looked on their online menu and definitely didn't see all the stuff they have advertised there, but they had lots of varied entrees and great stuff all around. 

The chairs? I love the chairs! So fun!
I looove this place!

Thank God it just around the corner from my house.  Their menu is small but everything on it is delicious.  The Chicken Tikka Masala sauce is delicious - I could just drink it by itself... mmmm...  the aloo baingan (excuse the spelling) is awesome!!!  

The prices are also amazing... dinner meals starting at 6.99 (entree, basmati rice, naan and dal...mmmm).
= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =

*  The bad news:  The folks here have closed this place & moved their business over to California.

*  The good news:  Copper Kettle (Buffet) has moved in here!  The food is similar to what it was before (Pakistani), & it's good!     :-))
Pretty good. When I walked in the owner was standing in front of the cash register and was talking on the phone, he then got off the house phone and onto his cell phone. All the while, I'm sitting there waiting SEVERAL minutes while I watch my 30 minute lunch break widdle away. I was about to walk out when finally, after literally 5 minutes, the owner finally found time for a customer rather than arguing with a vendor on the phone.  Although he still seemed rather annoyed I was there. 


I ordered the ground chicken kabob and the shirazi salad. The kobob and rice were good. I like Kabob Grill on Sunset & Pecos better, although the portions here were much bigger. The flat bread is made fresh in house, which is a bonus, but the customer service from the owner sucked.

UPDATE 9/10/10:

My coworker loves this place so I figured I would give it another shot. We went in today and both ordered our lunches to go. She received her lunch wrapped up to go in about 10 mins which is normal since everything is cooked to order. Since I had ordered before her I figured mine should be coming up any minute. I waited. and waited. and waited. 

At this point I checked my receipt and it had been 20 mins from the time I had ordered. The manager who had handed my friend her to go bag (different from the manager before) walked towards our table; I figured he was going to give us one of those "your food is coming right up" but he walked right past without saying anything. So I waited. and waited.

Clearly my food had to be coming right up since the manager knew I was waiting. I looked to my left and saw a group who had ordered after me all enjoying their food. The manager then returned to the kitchen. I was still waiting. 

After 25 mins I went back up to the counter with my receipt asking when my food would be ready. The girl who had taken my order gave me a look of confusion, blankly looked around the kitchen and then at her manager. The manager also gave a look of confusion and blankly looked around the kitchen. He turned around and there was my food, all wrapped up in bag ready to go, just sitting there. No one had called out my number or bothered to let me know it was ready. They had just set it aside and left me waiting. 

When I said to the manager I had been waiting 25 mins (which he had plainly seen himself) he didn't seem to care. Food is decent but their customer service sucks!
Tried Flame Kabob today for the first time.  The place was nice and clean, and the staff was friendly and welcoming.  I ordered a side of tabbouleh and the beef/lamb shawarma plate.  Everything tasted pretty good overall.  The tabbouleh had very little parsley in it, though, so that was kind of strange for me.  Also, the shawarama was a little fattier than I'm used to seeing.  Seems like shawarma is usually pretty lean, but this had a lot of noticeable fat.  Portions were decent.  Not sure if I will go back to Flame Kabob, probably not.
I've eaten here at least four times now.  This place is great.  I really like the beef Koobedeh (kabob).  Very nicely done.  Much better than more expensive Persian restaurants here in LV.  The Must-o-mucir (yogurt with shallots dip) is A+.  I drive out from Summerlin to enjoy this Persian food.  The bread will blow you away too!
I ordered the chicken, lamb, and beef kabobs. Baklava and pistachio and saffron ice cream. it's authentic with the persian music playing in the background. Coming from LA, where there are lots of Persian restaurants, my standards are a little higher. The kabobs were a little on the drier side but the rice was nice and fluffy.  The desserts were amazing but i did notice on the package that they were all shipped from LA. Overall, friendly service..
I tried this place a few months ago but forgot to Yelp it for some reason. I had high hopes. It's close to my work and could have been a regular lunch destination. Unfortunately, I have not returned and don't plan to any time soon.

I believe I ordered the Beef and Lamb Mixed Platter. I can't put my finger on it, but it just wasn't satisfying. Perhaps it was a little too dry for me. It wasn't terrible by any stretch, but just as my star rating says, I've experienced better.
Fantastic place to come while waiting for a friend to arrive at Airport, or just to watch the planes take off and land.
The Baba Ghanoush was fantastic, as well as the thick hummus. The Dolmeh are fresh. As it says on the menu "always fresh no heat lamps, no microwaves, no freezers."
The Middle Eastern family eating close by seemed to enjoy the food as well. This place is looking to branch out to a chain(thus the chain feel) but this is the only one...so far.
This place is going to give paymon's a run for its money.
Can't wait to go back. loved it!
I went into Flame Kabob for the first time today. I ordered the Beef Shish Kabob and a soda, it was $12 for the two. That right there was a bit too steep for lunch in my opinion so I hoped the meal would make up for that price. To my disappointment, it took FOREVER to get my food! I wasted half of my hour lunch just on ordering and waiting for the food to be done (note: I work next door practically!). The meat wasn't cooked throughout and the rice was just meh. The only thing that saved the meal was the freshly prepared taffoon bread. That was delish. So that is why I gave it 2 stars instead of just one.

All things considered...I will definitely not return to this restaurant. It was worth a shot but I rather take my $12 somewhere else.
My boyfriend and I went here after a trip to Restaurant Depot.  Walked in to a nice and clean environment - ordered  Baba Ghanoush as an appetizer.  It was amazing, nice and creamy with great flavor.  Served with their homemade flat bread.  Yummy.  The manager brought us out that amazing green, almost salsa, the name escapes me - but whatever it was, it could almost drink it.  It was great.  I had the chicken kabob and my boyfriend had the beef - both very tender, flavorful and was just the right amount.  The food was served on a half piece of bread, with colorful rice and lettuce on top of the bread.  Not quite sure how to eat it properly, we just dug in and tore off and ate.  Great service, the food took about 5-10 minutes to come out but I am happy to wait knowing the food is made to order.  We will be back for more!
I visited Flame Kabob for the first time today. The restaurant is nice, clean, and has a view of the Las Vegas Airport runway, which is really cool. 

The food is really good and true to all Persian Restaurants, portion sizes are quite generous.

I would give this restaurant 5 stars if they had hot Persian tea....my ritual after a great Persian meal!
Good kabobs. Lamb, chicken, beef, gyros and hummus. $9 for a plate with one kabob, rice, greens and pita bread. It takes them a little while to prepare the food but the wait is worth it. Try the persian ice tea.
We were in Las Vegas last year during Christmas and spent all our time eating on the "strip."  This year we wanted to try out the local eateries. I read reviews of local restaurants on Yelp and our family of 8 tried out various eating places outside the strip during this vacation.  Our first stop upon our arrival in Las Vegas was at Flame Kabob on December 21st. The food here was great and we all enjoyed it immensely.  Everything was freshly made. Our  thanks to all the posters who suggested this place.
An excellent, well-priced menu. Quite attentive and accommodating staff. 
Very tasty food and generous portions. Very clean kitchen area.
An all-time favorite.
In my quest for no-carb eating, I stopped in at Flame Kabob. Besides the cashier being slow (we literally had to repeat EVERYTHING like four or five times), I really liked the Kubideh--I think I had the chicken one. The Shirazi salad was good as well. I wish I could say the Baba Ghanosh was good, but I didn't have it.. I just wanted to type Baba Ghanosh!

Some nice lounge-y type seats inside and outside the restaurant, but the decor looks like they robbed a tract home of all its cheesy tile/stone.
It won't surprise you to learn that Rex Marvin is a man of the world. A student of living.  A man who grabs a hold of life like Tiger Woods does a white slutty breast.  I have dry humped this planet and no amount of trying to shake me off has worked yet.  I have survived it all.  Faberge Egg addiction. She-male mother figures. Waking up in the morgue 5 times. Two attempted autopsies. 3 years tied up in Rick James's basement. 4 years tied up in some Austrian guy's basement with his daughter and their 4 kids. Crippling Endust addiction. 4 minutes of a Paulie Shore stand up performance. Driving to Delaware with Artie Lange to score heroin. Tongue kissing Madonna (I was sick for 3 months.) 

Where do you go for sanctuary, you ask? How do you escape the fate that has tossed you around like Charlie Sheen does a hooker in a hotel room?  Easy. The kindest, nicest place on earth...no...not Disney World...those midgets will knife you for almost no provocation. One comment about them being cursed by the Devil and an attempted exorcism to help them grow and suddenly they go all Jeffery Dahmer on you. I was lucky to escape.  No. I go to Tripoli, Libya.  I walk around. I listen to the happy sounds...the children playing their favorite "who looks more like Gaddafi/Kim Kardashian Without Electrolysis and a Fat Butt contest." I came in 3rd two years ago. Magical.  If you listen really closely you can hear the sound of the secret police torturing a man for saying that things just aren't all that great. Infidel. The smell of spices and dissention filled the nostrils.  I met Gaddafi once.  Interesting fellow. Spent 11 hours telling me how he should have been casted as Joey on Friends.  He blamed the ghost of Ethel Merman. Kept screaming about how she told him to "just be himself."  At least the food was good.  The lamb kabob's were amazing. I thought about them a lot. For reasons that I can't fully explain...a mix up about what my "Camel Riding" business really was forced me to leave. The recent news made me think of all the great times...and the bad...like how no one showed up for my Briss.  It was the worst 37th birthday I ever had. Me and a guy who claimed to be a Moyle holding a machete.  He looked a lot like Tom Arnold with a beard...but I doubt Tom Arnold could book that kind of gig anymore.   Anyway...I thought 
about the food.
 
Well...I can finally have peace...well...let's not get crazy. I still have other issues...but I can get go to a good Kabob stand.  It isn't perfect. It isn't Tripoli in the summertime...the sound of the stadium filled with beheadings and Bee Gee's music...no...not that good.  What about the food. Well, the Gyro is spectacular. It is really the best thing on the menu and it is like 7 bucks with a drink.  The lamb kabob is excellent, but the beef kabob is poorly seasoned and ends up tasting like a well done hamburger.  The chicken kabob is very good but often a little dry.  Stick with the lamb.  The hummus is good, but not spicy enough for Rex.  The tabouli is spot on excellent.  The free chutney is so flavorful it is a perfect complement to the kabobs.  The shish is just like the kabobs...lamb great but the beef is better than the kabobs.  One complaint that I can't forget...the rice goes from bad to awful. It is ALWAYS overdone. ALWAYS!  I can't understand it. It's rice. They flame broil meat like a champ...but damn is the rice bad. I don't get it. Great portion sizes of everything, just the rice is really brutal some days. Crunchy rice is never right. Ever. (Don't say  deep fried rice balls...they are horrible.)

The atmosphere is really good and at night you can see the planes land and the view of the strip is perfect.  There is a car park for the airport and I often "acquire" a car and park there and eat my food.
  
The owners are a little squeamish about self flagellation...but that is how I mark the Day of Ashura and if they don't like it well then they can take it up with the dude we all pray to...Captain Kangaroo. I love you Captain...I will never stop beating myself for my mistakes. No matter what they say. Mr. Green Jeans can go F himself!  LONG LIVE THE CAPTAIN!!
The food is delicious, but the prices are a bit high. It's definitely worth a try but not going to be a staple because of the prices.
I have driven by Flame Kabob countless times in the course of dropping packages off at USPS, but the timing just hadn't worked out.  Last night, we were heading out to drop off some packages and were looking for somewhere to eat afterwards.   I pulled up Restaurant.com and found a $25 off $35 for Flame Kabob - just what I was looking for!
The restaurant is well-lit, stands out on the corner of its building, and is spacious.  The design is...  let's use "eclectic".  Assorted granite tabletops and faux rock wall decor lend to a Mediterranean feel, as do the bumpin' beats laid behind sultry "Arabic" vocals (I barely speak Spanish) playing overhead (at an interestingly reasonable volume).  

On the large Flatscreen TV which manages to not look TOO out of place, CNN aka The Anderson Cooper Network was broadcasting news of the Libyan uprising.  It strangely juxtaposed with the music, making me wish all news were Autotuned for our enjoyment.

The help was... well, helplful if not all that personable.  He seemed a bit irritated with us although we were the only people in the store and still ended up spending $40 for 3 people (after coupon, but also after the 18% grat was added, which wasn't really a grat, but just more income for the restaurant... meh.)

On to the food:

We ordered Hummus ($2.49), Baba Ghanoush ($1.99), Tabouli ($1.99), and uhh... the yogurt and cucmber sauce/dip (Mast-O-Khiar - $2.49) along with some extra bread ($1.99) to start .  Our "appetizers" came up within about 8-10 minutes and we were off to the races, stuffing our face with as much deliciousness as we could, and it was all delicious!  The hummus had great flavor, and I actually ate Baba Ghanoush and Tabouli, neither of which I normally ever touch.  Even the bread itself was notably tasty, a rare treat and much appreciated!

The main courses were (we all shared):
Ground Beef Kabob plate ($6.99)
Ground Chicken Kabob plate ($6.99)
Ground Lamb Kabob plate ($7.99)
Tenderloin Chicken Kabob plate ($8.99)

ALL came with a giant pita (half of a 12"), tons of what they underwhelmingly call "Saffron Rice" (which is actually some of the most attractive, subtly flavorful, and well-cooked rice I've ever had... there's got to be a name for that!  "Wicked Awesome Rice", perhaps?)

Both chicken plates got gobbled up before anyone could discuss  how they'd be divided (Fork Wars!)  On to the beef, which was perfectly seasoned (not OVERseasoned as is alllll too common in Mediterranean places).  Everything was tender, perfectly cooked, and seriously - I can't say enough about their getting the seasoning right.  Finally, a place that doesn't think "Brian needs another cup of salt in him!"

It was late in the day, so I'm going light on the lamb... Yes, Lamb is gamey, but done right and perfectly fresh, it's not as gamey as what I ate (I had to eat most of it - I'm our "garbage disposal"... 

After fulfilling my disposal duties (the lamb wasn't THAT bad... just full of lamb-y flavor!),  on came the dessert - Baklava ($1.99).

How good was it?  We bought phyllo dough, butter, pistachios and honey before we got home after being reminded just how much Baklava can DRIP WITH DELICIOUSNESS!!!  Yes, I licked the honey out of the container - what about it!?

For our $10 tip, we didn't really get any "service", but this isn't that type of place... the open kitchen (awesome) was quick to let us know when our food was up (also awesome).  We considered leaving our disposable everything on the table but opted to haul it to the trash ourselved (darned morals - although we did leave a good bit of rice on the table). 

On the way out, we walked past a few bags of trash which hadn't made their way to the dumpster just yet... Nothing "shocking", it was late, they were nearing closing, but really... you can't just take the extra steps to the dumpster when almost no one's in the restaurant?

Overall, great place, good specials (not available with Restaurant.com coupon), a little in the middle of nowhere but if you're on Sunset by the 
airport, there's few places to eat and this is a reaaaally good one.  

Their full menu is on their home page (awesome, and a rare treat... I don't care about your atmosphere and blahhhh. I'm hungry!) 

For those who read to the bottom, the Peach soda ($1.99 for 12oz) was great - you're welcome!
Huge portions and low prices. I ordered the Gyro Special and it was delicious. They don't skimp on the gyro meat or veggies. A good place to go to for a quick bite to eat!
I give it 10 out of 5 stars! I am a ver selective eater, who watches what to eat. It better be worth any calories or fat ! This is unbelievably delicious persian food!
Lamb Shish Kabob - DELICIOUS soft tender fall apart and flavorfull
Hummus-DELICIOUS simple with some olive oil it's perfeciton
Chicken Shwarma-DELICIOUS juicy soft silky chicken with great spices
Saffron Rice-It's ok...I've had better rice, needs more butter but healthy
Dolmeh-DELICIOUS grape leaf wrapping rice and meat
Flat Bread-DELIOUS it's huge the size of an XL pizza round & soft and freshly baked to order on a fire grill. You can also take one home (1.99) with your extra to go cup of hummus is a must! 
The combos are the best deal.
Pistachio Saffron Ice cream!?!?!? Yup and it has a hint of rosewater

Don't second guess this, go now it's great
I like this place. The ground chicken kabob is very good though it could be a spicier.  Everything is super fresh and made to order, which can lead to long wait times but it's worth it.  Good prices and good food. Yes, I'm a fan.
This restaurant is located directly across from a McCarran Airport runway. As we entered the restaurant an airplane landed and it felt as if the restaurant was situated in the middle of the airport.  We each ordered the lamb kabob which came with a colorful rice mixture, baby lettuce leaves and taftoon.  The lamb was gamey and way overdone, the rice was bland, the baby lettuce leaves were undressed and the taftoon came right out of a bag.  The final insult was when a gratuity of 20% was added to our bill though we ordered and picked up our meals at the counter.
Stopped by after work today. Ordered steak kabob and hummus and baba ganoush. The girl who took my order (I phoned in) was pleasant and understood me perfectly, as I her.  When I left a $2 tip in the tip jar, she proceeded to tell me those tips are going to the boss. I found that odd and asked why the tips weren't split among the employees and she just smiled and said that's the way it is. I was going to take the $2 out and give it to her. Looks like greed just finds it's way... Anyway, the food was decent. Steak tender with great flavor; rice was colorful, light , and flavorful; baba ganoush DAMN GOOD! The hummus could be a little creamier, but has a nice amount of oil to keep it smooth. Also has a nice roasted, smoky flavor and a little darker than regular hummus. Sliced olives on top a nice touch. 3 stars until I try more food.
I stopped in for a quick bite while waiting to pick-up a friend at the airport. It was fresh, fast, and not too pricey. Also, I'm not sure what the green sauce is on the counter but I recommend you put it on everything - rice, chicken, salad, etc. It's the perfect blend of herbs and spices! 

TIP: Since this location overlooks the LAS runway, I got to watch my friend's plane land. I knew she landed right on time - and headed off to the pick-up spot before she even text from the runway.
This is a chain right? So why does each place have a different special. I have read some of the good reviews about the one on Eastern and decided to try this location. Unlike the former, the latter does not do the $3.99 lunch special. That is ok, because their $5.99 gyro was still a good deal.

While I was ordering, it felt like the cashier was trying to pressure me into ordering more food than I needed. I might everything and often, but I know that a gyro is more than enough. Luckily I stuck to that mindset because the gyro was gigantic. The gentleman working the grill was generous with the amount of meat he shaved off. The sliced meat is then thrown into a frying pan. I was unable to identify if it was oil or a broth to finish the cooking process. I have a feeling that it was the first because the meat came out darker and a bit crisp. After it was finished it was thrown on top a pita with a liberal amount of tzatziki sauce, lettuce, tomatoes, and a side of onions. The meat was salty, but the yogurt sauce, lemon, and their green sauce helped even out the flavors. Go to the other location if you are looking for variety in lunch specials.
Deffinetly nothing special.  Ordered one beef and one lamb kabob to go.  They were exactly the same.  Not sure if it was lamb or beef but dry, overcooked and tasteless.  The pita bread was ok.  If only they included something in the bag to put on it.  Since my $20 purchase was sealed in a to go bag, I did not think to ask if I needed any sauce (green stuff on the counter).  Wound up giving the kabob to my dog.  He seemed to love it btw.   Hummus was good.
Okay, so let's set the scene: Hubs and I spent two days in the glitz and glamor of the strip, then three days looking at a big hole in the ground (the Grand Canyon), then drove back to Vegas for one more night before getting back to the comforts of home.  However, we were pretty burnt out by that point on the whole strip experience, and walked from our hotel to what we hoped would be the type of Vegas experience that the locals have.

Hello, Flame Kabob.  Clean, friendly, and homey, with a local Iranian family visiting with the servers and owners for an early meal.  We ordered our meals (a kubideh for me and a chicken kebab for Hubs) and brought ice cream back to our hotel room for later.  This place offered excellent food for cheap, and while it wasn't gourmet food, it was fast, tasty, and filling.

My lamb kubideh was delicious, flavored with full coriander seeds (the other reviewer that suggested the sauce was right on the money - it has a little kick to it but also has a little mint in it), and my husband's chicken kebab turned out moist and perfectly cooked.  The meal did seem a little carb heavy, but the flatbread was quite nice.  All of the entrees come with saffron rice, onion, a small mixed salad, and a grilled tomato.  The only downside was that the rice was a little unevenly cooked.

Finally, we took home a bucket of the Persian ice cream, which was pistachio and saffron.  Definitely a unique flavor, and while it wasn't quite to our liking, it was a window into another culture.

Four stars for the excellent value for the money, the clean, cafe-like atmosphere, and the tastiness of the food.
Not impressed w flavor. Got the combo chicken and lamb for lunch and it was really average. The spicy flavor was really meek and didn't give it a good flavor. The value wasn't there for a lunch place. $10 per plate roughly.. With a name like "Flame" I was hoping it was going to be a bunch of tasty Kabobs.. but not to be had..
This place is GREAT! I sometimes eat it almost four times a week. I absolutely love it.

I usually order the Chicken Shish Kabob combo, the number 5, and it tastes just as delicious every single time. The quality of the chicken is phenomenal and it  is SO tender. I love squeezing lemon on my meal and adding the green chutney. So lemony and yummy! 

The rice, chicken, and pita bread combination is out-of-this-world! The pita bread is also freshly baked, so it does take a bit longer. I rather have to wait 10 extra minutes and have quality pita bread than microwave heated pita bread!  I've ordered this meal for my entire family and they all enjoy it as much as I do. THE CHICKEN SHISH KABOBS ARE A GO! I will definitely keep visiting this place again and again. And again...
Kabobs are very well. The personnel are very respectful. It is a little expensive but good for its price as an Iranian dish. It is also Halal. It seems that other branches are closed; so don't be misled.
Very good gyro and great price! Would have gave 5 stars but sometimes they run out of fresh made pita bread and give you the store bought crap.
I just ate here with my parents while driving trough Las Vegas.

Being Persian ourselves, we were hoping for some Persian fare, and this didn't quite meet our expectations.  We ordered the number 10 beef combo (one skewer kubideh and one tenderloin) and weren't impressed with the taste, especially considering the price point. ($15!!)

My parents' first reaction was that this place isn't Persian but rather Arab, referring to the combination of spices they use.  Arab recipes tend to use spices like cumin while Persian recipes lean heavily on onion.

We did really like the fresh baked bread and the two yogurts -- maast-o-khiar and maast-o-moosir -- the yogurt was creamy and flavorful.

Service was good.  We got our food fairly quickly, and the staff was helpful and kind.

Overall, I give it 3-stars.  Decent food, not superb.  If you're Persian and are looking for Persian food, this probably won't satiate you.  But if you're looking for just a decent meal, then you'll do ok.
Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (19 of 365).

Yum!  My first time here today and I loved it!  

1 star = for their easy to follow menu.  You have options, but easy ones.  Beef, Chicken, Lamb, or Veggie in a Kabob or Kubideh Kabob.  

2 stars = the smell.  When you walk into the restaurant, you know your food is going to taste good because the awesome BBQ smell!

3 stars = fresh persian bread.  Yum!  It comes w/ all the entrees and they give you a nice big portion to eat with your food.  I love bread!

4 stars = for the fixings that come w/ your entree; lemon, roasted tomato (great addition to your meat), fresh onion - especially because I love onion, and rice.  Rice could be a little more tastier.  

5 stars = for the meat!  As soon as I took a bite, I was in heaven; the meat is so flavorful and so tasteful!  I loved every bite of my Beef Kubideh Kabob.  Such a simple kabob, but tasted to so good!  It was even good with the green salsa they provide.  

Their entree portions are perfect!  I was extremely pleased with this place and will definitely be back for lunch soon!  MIght even stop by to pick up some for din din tonight!
I've eaten as this restaurant several times during the past year.  The food is usually pretty good, maybe 3 out of 5 stars on average.  Today I used a restaurant.com voucher.  $25 towards $40 worth of food, however, read on for the unethical practices the owner of this restaurant put in place when attempting to use this voucher...  The restaurant.com voucher is a joke.  The restaurant automatically includes 18% gratuity on top of the bill.  This establishment is strictly counter-service, who is the tip for???  Also, specials are not allowed as part of the voucher redemption and most of what my party wanted was "considered" a special.  I felt penalized for trying to use the voucher.  I will never recommend this establishment for their unethical practices and because they made me feel like a piece of trash.  The fact that you have to spend $40 on a $25 voucher is one thing, but to not allow specials and factor in an unethical gratuity of 18% at a restaurant with no servers and strictly counter service shows that this owner has ZERO dignity as a small business owner and he should think twice before trying to lure patrons into an establishment that only allows "one" serving of it's special sauce per order!  A joke by any standard and when you refuse to cater to your customers, you deserve NOT to be in business.  Nothing but a HORRIBLE review for this jerk owner!!!
Yummy! So fresh and light!!  I loved it.. Michelle E.  took me here for lunch and I love it!  The tender meats and yummy sauce are making me drool right now.   I had the Ground Beef Kubideh Kabob combo- #1 which comes with the 1 beef kabob, fresh taftoon bread, side salad, grilled tomato, and saffron rice.  

The portion was huge and didn't think that I would finish the entire thing... but of course I did.  The thing about that though, is that I didn't have to roll myself out, or feel like I ate car.  It was THAT good! :D

The second time around, did not disappoint.  
I ordered the same thing... but per Michelle E.'s recommendation I HAD to try the baba ghanoush.   VERY YUMMY!!!!  Smoky but very oily.   It's very similar to grilled eggplant... but mushier.  :P

I will come again!   It's definitely opened my eyes to other Mediterranean spots!
I pick up carryout every time I'm in this part of town. I had the $9.99 special and a baklava. The special consists of your choice of 2 skewers of ground meat on rice, bread, and some onions and greens. I had the chicken and lamb. Both tasted great.
I believe they make the bread right there, and it is excellent;  some of the best Mediterranean I've had in this city.  The baklava was sweet and tasty. 
The staff are very friendly, and although the food is cooked while you wait, it is a very reasonable wait. If you like Mediterranean at all, this is a must try.
Came here for lunch today with my coworker. As I perused the menu I didn't see a lot of options and the prices aren't the best I've seen. Service was standard and efficient. I ordered the beef and lamb shawarma and my coworker went with the chicken shawarma. 

They cook everything to order, which makes it take a little longer to prepare than most places, but it's worth the wait for freshness. The food was pretty good. Not the best I've had, but it definitely hit the spot. They serve generous portions and we were both stuffed after our meals.
This review is for the name change of Fresh Kabob, but option for this name wasnt available at the time. It's taken me a few weeks to get my thought down since I have been extremely busy, but it was a good meal, so I felt I needed to give the review it deserved. We got felafel( been on a felafel kick lately),a gyro, and the beef tenderloin kabob. Every thing was awesome. Except the tenderloin was a little on the rough side. May have just been a mistake that time, but it still tasted good. Next time, and yes, there will be a next time, I'm sure the tenderloin will make me happy.
I drive by this joint on my way to the office every morning and thought hmmmm this might be good.... I read the reviews by fellow yelpers, so i decided to try it for lunch...  I ordered the GYRO,  it came with a handful of fries...  It didnt present very well,  it kinda looked like it was cut in half... It threw me off a little... The gyro was loaded with a good portion of meat, the usual toppings, the tziki sauce was not very good, kinda runny and there wasnt too much of it.  The price was 5.99, i guess this was a fair price for what i ordered...  My overall impression was, this was OK,, i have had better in the valley, but i have had worse..  I will try the other selections on their menu since it is very close to my office but will not get they gyro again... This rating is based on the GYRO, cause i definitely had better...  Give this place a try but dont get the gyro,,, I dont think its what they are good at... Hope this YELPS
it is ok. nice that they use fresh in house made bread for gyro but if you are going to pick up a quick bite @ lunch it can get pretty busy and they are not the fastest.
Delicious kabobs and fresh bread...

And Free Wifi...what else do i need:)?
Last night I went to their new location on Maryland Pkwy and Harmon across the street from UNLV.  

The owner, Manou (sp), was working the cash register and he was so nice; a great chatter.  I asked him who had better gyros, him or Paymon's (also located on Maryland near UNLV).  He said I would have to be the judge of that.  Flame Kabob wins hands down! It was so good. So flavorful.  So fresh.  I also ordered the baba ganoush, which was AMAZING.

A place to add to my favorite places to eat.
Saw this newly opened up take out food joint when I went to eat at Mucho Taco. Inside is really very basic, telling me that the bangladeshi owner of I-Mart didn't spend too much time on trying to impress any customers.

Was greeted by a Mexican person who took my order (he was unsure as to what exactly the offerings were) which caused me to be a bit disconcerted about the whole operation.

He then vanished for a good 15 mins leaving the whole shop empty (still not a good sign I was thinking to myself). Finally the I-mart owner comes in and asks me whether I had ordered; which I confirmed that I had. 5 mins later my Sheik Kabab comes out all freshly grilled.

At the end of it the food was well worth the wait. I also liked the bengali "lonka" in the salad.

The ambiance is pretty basic with just a few metal chairs to sit down and wait, for your take out. The place is draped with "Saris" converted into curtains and the AC does not work well.

I took a few pics of the entrance and the food offerings pasted on the walls. Note they also provide samosa etc which are actually stored in the i-Mart store (read not fresh). Though there was a listing for Singara(What!?? that is the bengali equivalent of a samosa... may they use the bengali spiced filling)
This place has some really good halal food. The spelling of "deshi" is incorrect as it should be "desi" i think but who cares. It's not my restaurant right.

So the best thing to do is order your food beforehand. Give them a good 40 minutes before you go pick it up as they make things from scratch. The food has tasted slightly different both times that we ordered, exactly the same things but nevertheless it tasted wonderful. The naan was great the first time but not the next time. I tihnk it makes a difference as to who is preparing your food. The first time when all things were excellent, the lady owner was the one in the kitchen. The second time it was her husband in the kitchen. They offer the regular grill items with either the naan option or rice option or just plain. We had Sheekh Kebab and also Bihari Kebab. They also carry Tandoori Chicken Kebabs etc. They do not have a sign up on top of their store to indicate that there is a restaurant there but they are in the same shopping center as I-Mart and are owned by I-Mart as well. This restaurant is specifically located between the thai restaurant and the mexican restaurant. 

Also, this is a pick up only type of place so you will not be able to sit down and have a meal.
Great food, great service..
If you want luxury, you will not find it here, if you want a filling meal at a bargain price, you will find it in abundance. Situated close to Cineworld, it is ideal for a pre or post film munch.
There is seating inside, although quite limited and most people opt to take their food out. I generally go for the pizza, which is admittedly quite greasy, but at 3.20 for 10 inches of Margherita pizza, you can hardly go wrong. My friend usually goes for a burger and chips and you are able to customise your burger with a choice of sauces and salads.
There are also burgers and chips, curries and kebabs on offer, all very modestly priced too.
Further, the staff seem very bubbly and happy to have a chat with you while your food is being prepared too.
Quality late night food can sometimes come from surprising places, Spicy Bite is one of those and it comes in the form of pakora (made here not bought in), this is my main reason for coming here. They offer kebabs, burgers and pizza too, but I recommend the pakora...

I have yet to try a curry (they stop making them at a certain point in the evening) however I fully intend to at some point.
Spicy bite still does great pakora (still made on site) and decent kebabs, pizzas and burgers, however I have now had a chance to try the curries and they are good... The food is great value (7.20 for a curry and rice, 2.50 for veg pakora) and it is tasty and filling so at the end of the day Spicy Bite is a small unassuming takeaway which delivers decent food at a good price.

It doesn't look like much on the outside but Spicy Bite is a good choice for pre/post cinema food (I would go with pre given the quality and price of cinema food) and it serves the kebab house staples until late.
Halal pizza open till very late. Always a friendly welcome from the staff (a husband and wife team). Also has great wings. A little off the beaten path but worth it if you are craving some halal, NY style pizza.
NOM NOM NOM
Best pizza ever
Tried this pizza out for the first time. This location is the old Tropicana Pizza at Washington and Rainbow behind 7-11. I like the owner being there 1st of all. I had pizza and fingers. I missed using the 2 for 1 but that was my bad. The pizza itself was delish.I had the sausage lovers with olives and mushrooms added on. The sauce is the key here. The dough is soft and chewy. If you are looking for that crispy bottom with a little bite its not here, but its still a great pizza. 
they charge a fee to use CC. One dollar
i work in the neighborhood and have seen this place for years, but for some reason didn't stop in until today.  i wish i had tried this place sooner! i was surprised to find they offer a LOT more than just pizza, like pasta, salads, subs, chicken wings and chicken fingers too.  so anyway i had the gyro sandwich and was really happy with my choice.  the gyro meat was not greasy tasting at all, and the sour cream tzatziki (spelling?!) sauce and garnishes were just right.  i will definitely come back to try the pizza or other offerings
I love the phillycheese steak sandwich and also the BBQ chicken strips my second favorite is the meatball sandwhich with jalapenos in it.. i dont eat pizza much because im lactose intolerant... at last have to try it one time
A well deserved 5 stars. The owner Frank always treats you like family. He really puts passion in the food he makes and deserves all the success.

Perfect crust, well balanced sauce and quality ingredients. Try the Supreme Pizza! The Chicken fingers are super good too.
Best Halal pizza in town!
We had pizza and zucchini sticks, both excellent . All the food is Halal, according to the Islamic dietary requirements. My wife only eats vegan food, so we had a discussion with the owner, he was very interested in learning about vegan food. So now he offers vegan cheese pizza, it's even on his menu now. We like eating here as often as we can. Very conveniently located for us when driving to Summerlin. Definitely give it a try.
Excellent and delicious food! Every time we come to LV we try to eat here. It's Halal so the meat is clean and tasty. The pizza, beef & chicken burgers, fries, and chicken tenders have all been beyond great! And I love the service here. Very friendly place and I wish they were in my area so I could enjoy their food and great service more often. My entire family loves the food and I'm looking forward to eating there again soon!
I like the pizza ands the owner is really nice. I can tell he puts a lot of pride into his work. Tends to be a little overly greasy, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. It says it's halal, and personally i respect when someone is upfront with their beliefs and true to themselves.
Very mediocre. Basically it was pizza hut quality pizza with halal ingredients. Halal was a surprise to me, however. I thought they just had halal options, didn't know that they were going to sell me sausage and ham that had no pork whatsoever.

If you are looking for halal pizza, ignore this review. If you are not looking for halal pizza, I would ignore all the other reviews, and don't expect any pork on your pizza.

When I learned there would be no pork, I considered just walking out without the pizza, and writing off the $12. I decided to stay and at least try the pizza, because the boss was nice and told me I could have my money back if I didn't like it. I regret that decision. I didn't care about the money, I just want that ten minutes of my life back.

I have nothing against halal food, if this place had decent shawerma I would probably eat there 5 times a week. Instead they have halal pizza.
Awesome restaurant ......must try for people visiting or staying here....The food is ultimate ... specially the pizza and wings.....The people serving are very nice and courteous .it takes time though but it's worth the wait......The food is clean as it is Halal.should try it you will not regret......
I will never, ever order from here again.

I picked this place based on the Yelp reviews through EAT24.  I ordered the large pizza with fingers, an appetizer sampler, and fries.  I always complete my online purchases through Google Wallet and do so with this.  Order submitted at 8:11pm, 45 minute delivery time.

I get a call at 8:40pm from a guy saying he needs my credit card number, I explain I already paid through Google Wallet when persists that he still needs my number.  I give him the number and again state I've already paid when he says ok, I just needed the number, they should have the food out in 40 minutes.  40 minutes?  But I ordered half an hour ago?!  Oh you did?  Food is almost done the driver will be out soon.

I contact EAT24 because the card thing doesn't sit well with me.  After 20 minutes of negotiating with this place they realize I was being charged AGAIN even after I made sure and said I already paid.  The lady at EAT24 tells me they are refunding me and just confirmed it will be another 45 minutes.

Ten minutes later, I get another call this time telling me they're out of fingers but instead of five fingers they'll give me 12 wings for the inconvenience.  Here's the thing, the deal comes with either five fingers or 12 wings, they're not doing any favors.  When I start to say I don't even want this anymore because of the extreme lateness, being double charged, and them not having fingers, she says she'll throw in a two liter for the inconvenience.  Whatever.

Food gets here: pizza is cold, chicken is ridiculously dry, appetizers are burnt (all except for the mushrooms which I can't eat).  The only thing that tastes good, not just barely edible, are the fries.  I waited two hours for some of the worst delivery in my life.  Fantastic.
This place has some of the worst pizza I've ever seen. This was my first time ordering and I had a traditional pepperoni pizza delivered with literally 5 pieces of pepperoni on the entire pie. Hardly any sauce at all either, it was mostly just soggy crust. When I called to complain they told me that everybody loves their food and they refused any refund while cursing at me until I hung up. Stay far away from this pit.
Stopped here for lunch with the Bf. He's been wanting me to try this place since he tried it a few weeks back.

I got the chicken tenderloin plate which came with a pita, saffron rice, a bit of spinach/greens, and raw onions with some spices on it. The chicken tenderloin was tender and juicy and very tasty. It had an yellowish tint and a hint of spices which made me think that it had some curry powder on it. The saffron rice was ok. I didn't think it had much flavor.. I really wanted to like it more. (i go apeshit over Yanni's rice pilaf) The pita was nice and crisp. Their tzaziki sauce was very nice and refreshing as well. 

I also got the dolmeh which I wasn't too crazy about. Although the olive oil was really really fruity and delicious.. there was just waaaay too much for my liking. The Bf liked using the excess to dip his pita bread in.

The space is spacious and clean. Service is ok. Not the friendliest I've encountered but ah, after you order and get your food.. it doesn't really matter. They are on the slower side which I don't mind since the food came out hot and fresh. Their prices range from $8.99 and up.

Overall, not too high up on my list to visit frequently.. but I would return.
I stopped in today with my girlfriend and my mom for a quick bite to eat, and was actually pleasently surprised.

All three of us ordered the $9.99 Kubideh special, which offered a choice of two meats (Beef, Chicken, or Lamb) along with a small helping of spinach, greens, and onions as well as a good amount of saffron rice and a large piece of Taftoon bread. 

We all chose the combo of Chicken and Lamb, and were surprised at how large the portion was in comparison to the pictures on the menu. My girlfriend and I could have easily split one plate and been perfectly full.

The taste of the food itself was pretty good as well. The Lamb had a nice bold flavor, and the Chicken tasted as though it had some sort of curry powder on it. The Taftoon bread was pretty tasty, though a little dry. I wasn't too crazy on the rice though, which was nice in its texture, but lacked the taste I was hoping for. 

I must say, that despite being pretty tasty, most of the meat smelled fairly rank. I'm a big fan of Mediterranean and Middle Eastern cusine, but the aroma coming off of this meet smelled of pure flatulence. A small price to pay for tasty food.

One of the highlights of this place though was the wonderful service. The workers were extremely helpful, and even brought us a free order of their Baklava and Zulbia desserts, which were also both pretty tasty.

Overall, this place is definently worth checking out. Just remember when ordering that the $9.99 special is definently food enough for two people, so if you're ordering for one opt for the cheap meals that give you just one Kubideh.
I'm a little paranoid writing this review because 1) I'm no expert on Persian food and 2) three of the other four reviews are not great.  Am I that far off??

I thought it was great!

$10 for juicy, succulent chicken tenderloin, beautiful tri-color saffron rice, pita bread, mixed green salad, and some onion salad thing.  A bit expensive for lunch, but DELICIOUS!  

It did take about 15 minutes to prep my order (and nobody has that kind of time at lunch), but overall, worth it.

Clean, bright environment with marble flooring, charming little chandeliers, and an attempt at rustic painting on the wall.

I'll be back.
Being Greek and having a Persian background from family I tried to keep expectations in check when I found this place. (Even though I was pretty excited when I saw that this little shopping center in my neighborhood was finally getting some culture-including the Palm Mediterranean market and the Pho place)
Either way, it really went beyond my expectations and I was impressed.

Prices are reasonable, esp since you get a nice sized piece of bread, salad, rice and some veggies.
I had the lamb kubideh w/ dolmas and the lamb tenderloin (on separate occasions).
Both were good, but I REALLY enjoyed the ground lamb, it was more juicy and flavorful. I was also fairly impressed with the dolmas-and that's comparing it to my Yia Yia's (greek for grandmother). 

I'm really happy that I've found a neighborhood place to get a tasty fix of middle eastern food that is also reasonable, clean and healthy.

If I didn't spend most of my lunch funds around UNLV so much I'd be regular!
I've been here a couple more times since my first visit and I've grown to really like this place. 

I normally get the same chicken tenderloin kabob plate. The other time, I got the bbq chicken and this last time I got the Beef tenderloin. Both have good flavors. I love dolmas so I get those everytime -- for $1.99 you can't go wrong! Since the first time, they have definitely eased up on the olive oil which I thought was delicious but had waaaay too much of it. I enjoy them much more now.. We also got the side salad which was terrible.. the cucumbers were all grey and it didn't look or taste fresh at all.. what do you expect for a $1.99 side salad, I guess. Their hummus is delish and is topped with paprika and black olives.

I find myself wanting to eat here more often than I thought I would..
I eat hear quite often and love it. The kabobs are great, and if you like baklava then dont pass theirs up. The service is good, and I have not found one thing on their menu I dont enjoy. The price is also great, and they cook their bread fresh! Last, the portions are large and I have split my meals before with no problem. If you enjoy Persian food, come here. If you dont, try it anyway!
Great for the Health Conscious!

If you can tell from my other reviews, an occasional healthy meal is needed in my diet. On this particular day I was definitely looking for a healthy alternative to my normal grub fest. Decided that Flame Kabob would probably do. 
Do they did. Although my order was very limited in variety, Shirazi Salad (Cucumber, Tomato, onion and parsley in lemon and olive oil)  and Hummus, I was very satisfied both in taste and quantity. The bread that is served along side is made to order and cooked in a traditional oven and is outstanding. 
I plan on coming back to order a full meal in the very near future and hope to be able to give them the whole row of five stars in my updated review....stay tuned!
Two times for lunch in one week. If that doesn't say something, I don't know what will. Their inexpensive lunch specials are what brought me in, the flavorful, fresh food is what brought me back a second time around. 

I tried the Chicken Kubideh Kabob ($3.99)- a flavorful, well-seasoned ground chicken kabob served on a freshly-made pita bread with some greens, a slice of lemon, and a side of cucumber & mint yogurt sauce. 

Next visit I chose the Gyro ($3.99)- slices of beef/lamb, fresh tomatoes, greens & the same yogurt sauce wrapped in a warm pita bread. The gyro came w/ raw onions and a lemon slice. The portion size was generous. I thought the meat slices were a tad too salty, but the refreshing yogurt sauce balanced the gyro out. 

If you're in this part of town and are in the mood for Greek food, go here. The quality is good, the ingredients are fresh and the prices are fantastic!
Food was very yummy! Excellent quality and taste, just a bit on the pricier side for a fast/casual place. Cost about $12 for a single lamb kabob meal. Used the mail coupon for an extra kabob, which made it more worth it. Lunch seems like a better price $4-6 for a gyro. My friend got a gyro and it was huge for the price! Great deal. I will get this next time. Also came with rice, a few bites of lettuce and a dolmeh.
Knowing that one of my friends has a common food allergy has not put a damper on our Mediterranean and Middle Eastern food affair. In fact, it  has only intensified our want to find all the good ones in town. This Flame Kabob has the lunch special between 11-3. There is a choice between the chicken or beef kubideh, felafel or gyro sandwich. I had tried the fourth option. This would be the second day in a row that I ordered the gyro and it was less salty or maybe they just gave me more tzatziki sauce. The bread is fresh and amazing. I got to see the guy make it to order. 

The guy at the register was not pushy and let me order what I wished without up selling me to death. It is listed as a limited time deal, so give it a try.
I'm not Greek or Middle Eastern.  I'm not that experienced with the cuisine.  Thus, the authenticity that others take about is lost on me, because I don't care.  I have an average american palette.   To me the food was okay.  The food deserves 3 stars, but the price for what you gives, earns the 2 stars I posted.  

I tried the chicken kabob and the beef shawarma.  I wouldn't call the three spinach leave they give you a salad.  The hummus is decent.  I'm not Greek, but I've made comparable myself.  I wonder if the saffron rice, really contain saffron or just a coloring agent.  They bake their own (flat) bread, but that doesn't make it noteworthy tastewise.

I might come back for the lunch special during the day, but not for dinner, there is comparable for cheaper near me.
Yummy!  I love the Kabob - offically Kubideh -  with the mast-o-kahir.  The fresh baked bread (Sorry can't remember authentic name), is wonderful.  Lunch for two for under $15 is a great deal.  I'll be back often.
I only tried the beef/lamb schwarma, so perhaps other items are better.  This is a Persian restaurant, not a Greek restaurant.  The meat was way too spicy for me.  I don't mean hot spicy, I mean TONS of spice on each bite.  So if that is what you like, go for it.  I like the Greek version better.
First time visiting this place even though my sister has been a few times before me.  It was pretty good, seems like everything is made fresh to order.  They have a good variety of foods to choose from and offer some lunch specials which do not seem to be too bad on price.

This is a place which if you like a taste of Persia or the middle east, you should definately give it a try, I don't think you will be disappointed.
The food is halal/kosher and excellent.  It's cooked fresh on the spot, but that means there's a twenty minute wait. Best to call in and order in advance. We carry out at least once every two weeks.
Got sick 3 times. Should have learned the first....maybe the second time but was hoping it was an isolated incident, maybe just me.....as much as I used to love this place Im not risking that again. Dont know what happened and can only speculate....
Great prices
Great Food
Had chicken kabob & beef kabob. 
Very Good 
Taftoon. Like home
Shirazi nothing Special
Lentil soup. Good
Ash: good

Service : excellent & very nice

Clean Environment. 

Will Return soon. 
:-))))
This place is awesome.  Persian/Middle Eastern food on the cheap.

If you want a nice casual, fast food experience with restaurant quality food, then this is the spot.  Lunch with a drink is easily under 8-9 bucks.

The food is served fresh and is packed with flavor.  I usually order the Kubideh combo which comes with 2 skewers opting with the Ground chicken and Ground lamb.  So much food for only 8-9 bucks.
Being raised in a Persian family, I can say I have eaten my fair share of good Persian food. 
I have eaten at Flame Kabob on a number of occasions, and although it has been passable at times, my last experience with the food was terrible. 

The rice is totally bland. Although it has a rich yellow color that should give the impression that Saffron was used, I am convinced it was clearly just food coloring. 
I ordered 4 meals, and had every type of meat available for koobideh. The Lamb was dry and gritty, the chicken was distasteful, and the beef was also very dry. 

I also had the Chelo Kabob, which is typically made from tenderloin. Although I would not expect it to use that cut of meat at a fast food style restaurant. That plate still cost 20 bucks and I am pretty confident they used chuck or top round. 

Persian food is meant to be very tasty. It seems to me they are cutting corners and still charging a premium. I would hope there food quality goes back up.
I am amazed at the reviews for this place. I mean, are there shills just posting reviews? Are they giving out free food in exchange for a positive rating? Even if that were the case...I'd pass.

Several people in the office were chastising me for never choosing a location for lunch. Rather than simply accepting the abuse whilst producing, what may be, the most complicated spreadsheet in the history of spreadsheets, I relented and looked for a good place for a Gyro. Yelp, you rarely lead me astray...I searched for a nearby restaurant and Flame Kabob was our elected establishment to try.

My co-workers ordered the beef/lamb wrap and I got a Veggie Kabob cause I'm healthy like that. Holy Torched Onion On A Stick!! A few pepper slices, 2, yes, only 2 zucchini slices, and the rest was all over-seasoned onion. Pita, nasty sauce, and tri colored long grain rice.  For like $9? Are you kidding me?

Having been jilted from my noon time hunger, I gently peeked around the corner at my co-workers who instantly shot me glares that would make the paper shredder unnecessary. I then got a review that consisted of "Yucky" "over-seasoned" "salty" and "gross. That is with the expletives omitted in case children are reading this.

On the bright side, I'm not going to be asked for suggestions anytime soon.
The chicken has great  spicy flavor.  Cheap specials.  Big servings.  Fresh pita and hummus.
I had the lunch special Gyro. It was ok. For the price it was great value and would go again if I am craving a Gyro and am in the area.
So glad they had lamb, chicken was not over cooked or under cook. The lime made it something extra Speaical. I was full and will go back for more. The environment was not loud, super clean and friendly workers... The boss had a cute smile ;)
I am not sure why it is a one dollar sign establishment. For a family of 5 with 3 being under six years old we spent over $55. This was without drinks. 

The service was mediocre at best. The chicken kabob did have good flavor and the humus wasn't too bad. However we will not be returning.
The best kabob place around! Sad the eastern location closed, so I go to the one by UNLV now. I like that they have a great selection of vegetarian dishes!  Food is so good!!!!!!
Amazing and healthy food! The yogurt drinks (Original especially) are amazing and worth it. Don't be discouraged by the pomegranate chicken.
Best Shawarma in the province! If you're here, then you're here to pick up a shawarma and wolf it down...there isn't much room to sit.  That said, it's still my favorite place to grab a quick bite.
for a while i was addicted to this place and would walk for 30mins just to get my shawarma fix!

the meat were fresh and plentiful, the people were friendly and the garlic sauce was exceptional!
I've had both the shawarma and falafel wraps, which are good for the price and the helping is a nice size. Lovely staff and friendly environment.

Unfortunately my rating above is directed towards the plate meals. The plates in my opinion were just deconstructed wraps ... comes with generic salad, pickles and fries with a pita bread thrown on top. Now that's kind of unusual for anyone whos had plates in toronto or elsewhere since it normally comes with a side of rice, potatoes or other dishes and no plate has ever come with a slab of pita bread. The dressing was missing and the fries I got were seriously undercooked. I think there is a rice option but I guess it wasn't available or they didn't ask?

Get the wrap not the plates if you ask me. Same stuff minus the fries (which weren't even good anyways)
Probably the best shawarma I've had. I bought one for my dad and he never tried shawarma before and now he loves it. Quite expensive though but tastes great
less greasy then village shawarma, but its more white washed. There chicken is more lean but the rice here is horrible compared to village. if you want to get filled up with a plated meal go to village. If you want wraps stick with mozzys.
We have been going here for a while and love the food.
Read here for my review of Mozy's shawarma! 

http://www.uwimprint.ca/article/3896-a-taste-of-home-at-mozys
I went there 3 times in 5 days, and everything I tried was phenomenal!

Basically, they serve two things: falafel and shawarma.  Both are available on either a wrap or a plate, with fries or rice, lettuce, tomatoes, and delicious pickled veggies, topped off with tahini, garlic mayo, and/or Sriracha sauce.  If you get a plate with fries, it is like shawarma/falafel poutine--all the flavors mix together in one awesome burst of deliciousness!

Atmosphere is typical fast food; staff are friendly and efficient.
Not a big menu but the chicken schwarma is great. They usually have 2 big spits going all the time. They sell so much it's always fresh straight off the spit. Lively quaint atmosphere. 

Mozzy put some lamb on a spit sometime.
Awesome authentic Indian/Pakistani food.Very kind welcoming hosts, very affordable,do yourselves a favor and eat here!
Ive never been a huge fan of indian food. This place may have changed my mind. Dont be fooled by the location its alot nicer on the inside then it appears from the parking lot. The staff was really nice and the pricing was very reasonable. 4 entrees and 2 appetizers for 40 bucks. Ill be back for sure.
Really great food: the chicken tikka masala was spicy but not overpowering, and the meat was cooked perfectly. Lovely flavor! The mango lhassi was also quite delicious. The only downside was the wait. I had called ahead so the order would be ready, but when I showed up I still had to wait about 15 minutes. But they were really busy, which is a good sign, so maybe it evens out. I'm definitely going back!
I have been looking for an entire year for good Paki/Indian places to eat in the valley but this place is my new favorite place where I'll be driving 40min to eat good home made food. Let me tell you..it's even better than food you will have in Pakistan. Mixed grill and korma masala was amazing. I had 2 mango lassi's in one setting including the best chai. I say the wait is long but the food is worth it. Going back there again very soon....everyone who likes indo/Paki food should go to this place and forget places like Tandoori Times, India Best or even Bombay Spice.
Being an ASU student, I really love how close this place is to campus. It's open till 11 PM, too-- so I like to pick up food before/after study sessions and it works out really well. The food is amazing here-- much better than other Desi restaurants around the Valley. The staff is very amicable and polite, and will easily remember you when you come back again (once is never enough with a place like this). Prices are great, and the menu is surprisingly diverse for a place that prides itself on its curry. This restaurant's opening has been the best thing to happen to me at ASU.
Fast and friendly. Awesome soft garlic naan. I had the goat karahi and it was delicious. Looked like mom was in charge in the kitchen too. A lot of local indians dining in as well. A good sign. Big ole cup of steaming chai too. I'm hooked. Decore sucks but who cares? It's all about the food. I will return despite the 20 minute bus ride from my hotel.
One day after work  I decided to visit the Curry Corner with my friend, and I was a little skeptical to try the food because I have tried a lot of average Indian food, and I didn't want to have that experience again, but I noticed the food was Pakistani style.

Since I had chicken twice that day already, I wanted to order a beef dish. The guy at the counter told me that they were out of beef.  Then I decided to order the most popular dish the "Chicken Tikka Masala."    

It was a different kind of Indian/Pakistani dish that I am used to. Usually these kind of dishes are heavy, but this dish was very light, but flavorful at the same time.  The Naan bread was different as well. It was a lot lighter and fluffier then the usual Naan bread; the rice was pretty good too.

We ended up paying about $10 bucks a person. I would like to pay a little toward the $7-$8 range for this kind of place because they don't serve you, but $10 is ok. 

Overall I would recommend this place if you are looking for a change of pace when it comes to Indian/Pakistani food, and want something lighter, but flavorful at the same time.
I visited this place last night with a mate after otherwise unsuccessfully attempting to eat other places. I am glad, considering this place is great.

We shared a vegetarian thali and samosas. It came with yogurt, gobi aloo, masoor dal, palak paneer, chana masala, onion, rice in the centre, and naan on the side. We asked for extra naan. Their naan was quite fluffy and thick compared to other places that I have eaten from, or especially when compared to grocery market purchased naan. All of it was very flavourful. I was really impressed with the spices on the chick peas, especially. Their palak paneer was a very smooth combination of the paneer and spinach flavours. The gobi aloo's identity eluded me at first because i had trouble figuring out that the cauliflower on top was upside down. The spices did not overpower the buttery nature of the cauliflower and were well accented with potato. Neither of us are onion fans, and both of us prefer our yoghurt sweet, so we took no liking to those small sides, although they were obviously less important than the curries. The masoor dal had an appealing milkiness to it. Their samosas were extremely good, with no lack in filling. There was nothing above mild spiciness on our plate, which was of no consequence to either of us as everything was hugely savory.

As far as the eating environment inside, the place is quite small and it seems to be in an otherwise relatively suspicious lot. I found it cozy. They do not wait on you. The menu is right above the order window. They do bring out your food to you, so there is no need to pick it up. They will do take out. The staff are all very friendly. You serve yourself water from a small stand with cups and pitchers. The minimal decorations are pretty and not overbearing, although most of Curry Corner's atmosphere seems to come from its customers keeping the place busy.

I ordered mango lassi on the way out. It is thicker than most I have had and instead of being blended with ice, it has ice cubes in it to chill it, but it was still delicious. It also lasted overnight in the fridge and still tasted good the next day.
The Pakistani food is great. has that great home cooked taste to it...we tried the daal, gosht karahi, chicken pulao, chaana puri and veggie thali. it was amazing the service is great and food is well priced. Definitely made my last day in ARizona a happy one
Super tasty, love the cozy atmosphere, excellent and friendly service!  The naan was a bit thinner and crispier than some others, which I really dug.  We had a goat dish that was outstanding.  Nicely spiced.  Also had the non-vegetarian thali - two chicken curries (one with a bit of sour pickle taste that was very nice), daal, basmati rice and a little salad.  Quite inexpensive.  And I like the less-thick lassi with ice.
The mutter paneer was good. It was not the best I have ever had but good. I like this place, the prices are reasonable, the food is tasty and the people are nice. The naan that came with the meal was ok, next time I will have to order garlic naan. I will be back for sure.
This place is awful! The chicken tikka masala is not flavored and it tastes like the sauce is Campbell's tomato soup. The tikka masala fries were soggy and luke warm at best. The service was lacking, and the place wasn't even busy! I would drive the .2 miles to The Dhaba and never look back! Best of Phoenix 2011, yeah right!
This has to be the worst restaurant in terms of hygiene. Two of my friends had food -poisoning after having dinner here. The food is just unhealthy with tons of oil floating on the top of curries, and I am not sure if any health/hygiene code is followed here. 
The service is poor and the information on its website is incorrect, the owner does not allow dine-in after 9 or 10 even though it says that the restaurant is open till 11. 

One night I saw the owner cleaning the place without gloves and she was nice enough to give us a to-go parcel without cleaning her hands (great example to the servers!). I had a peek inside the kitchen when the door was ajar, and it definitely looked dirty.

I have been a lot of hole-in-the-wall places around this restaurant, including Haji Baba, the Vietnamese place and others, but neither any of my friends nor I have fallen sick coz of the food. If you need a spicy-food fix, i strongly recommend you do not try this place, lest you want a visit to the doctor the very next day.
I'm back again & the place looks great & remodeled since the last time I was here- 

AMAZING FOOD is all i can say! very authentic, the chicken masala is all I get at indian restaurants, here at CC it's not as heavy & creamy as other places so doesn't leave u feeling bloated- 

Ps: to Nadia C below, with her 1 star rating, this isn't "Pei-Wei" hunny so dont go talking about "service" & websites blah blah blah...this place is excellent, authentic, i would highly recommend!
So good. It can get pretty busy. My favorite is to jut order everything to go. The naan and the chicken marsala is so yummy.
I tried this place with a friend by accident today since there was a long wait for my fave Indian/pakastani resturant just down the street. At first the place seems like it may be a little dissappointing from it's fast food appearance (maybe it was because you have to order your food at the window?) 
   Don't let the appearance fool you the food is great! The Naan isn't the best i ever had but was good and the meal was excellent. prepare for SPICEY though. They don't skimp on spice for sure and they don't cook it to taste like some resturants I've been to. I loved it though and would definitly go back. The price is right too. Expect to pay abt $11 a person that's including your drink.
This place is spectacular. Hands down the best Northern Indian / Pakistani food in Phoenix. It's a family run place owned by actual Pakistanis, and the food is definitely served for their palate not for wimpy Americans. They don't ask you how spicy you want it. It comes one way: the real way.

For the person whining about hygiene and cleanliness because they got "food poisoning": Maybe you just couldn't take it. Go find a McDonalds. They're very clean.
Definitely thought I had reviewed this place before. But I guess not...

I had tried their catering before, and it was pretty good. So I decided I would try their restaurant food.

Bad idea. I ordered chicken tikka masala and got chicken tikka soup. The masala that was there was super watered down, and the chicken was a mix of white meat and brown meat, some of the brown meat was so tough that I had to leave a few pieces of the chicken uneaten. The naan was really good, but the chicken tikka masala was very sub par. To make matters worse, it cost a whopping $7. When $7 gets you much more food at other places, I doubt you are going to venture back here. I suppose it was worth a try, but its not worth the return.
The food here is amazing.

The authentic smell and limited menu make this place a real keeper. I've tried about ten things on the menu so far and I have no complaints. The servings are generous and the garlic naan is amazing!

Prices are extremely reasonable, generally a bit cheaper then other Indian restaurants in the Tempe area. The staff is super friendly and the atmosphere is inviting, I highly recommend this place!
Good price, good portions and good flavor. You know it can be wrong if a lot of indians go have dinner there. Go wild and order things you haven't tried (forget the names that ring a bell).

I can't remember the names of what we ordered, but it was really tasty. Now they have a larger place with more tables.
I like this place. It's close to campus for a good price and good portion sizes. I like their yummy Chicken Tikka Masala! They give you a good portion sizes. The other dishes were pretty good, samosas were ok, their curry is tasty and the food isn't that spicy. Super love their tikka masala fries. Yeah, I said tikka masala fries! 

They're currently undergoing renovations to make the place a bit bigger and it's needed since it can get busy and full.
Stopped in Saturday for lunch. Sign on main door said to enter through the hooka because of renovations. I did and the place was empty. Waited for about 5 minutes and called out to see if anyone was there. No response. Went to the Delhi Palace buffet up the street. Maybe service will improve after the renovations are complete
This is about as good a place I've found in a while. From the fluffy perfectly baked naans to the rich curries with cuts of meat that remind one of what meat is supposed to be like, I've enjoyed everything I've tried here. From what I could make out this is a smallish family-run place (with a warm friendliness to match), but it seems to be expanding a bit. The decor is simple, as is the service - you get your own drinks and order at the counter - but that stuff is unimportant. What is really important is the quality, and this place delivers in every way.  If you like (north) Indian food, you'll find yourself at home - the spices and preparations are similar, though perhaps a little richer, and the names are different. And based on the Indian places I've seen in Phoenix, this place is far superior. I particularly recommend the Beef Achari, which was the first thing I tried there; I do want to try a biryani and see how that it, so watch this space for updates.

In short, if you want an awesome dining experience on a very reasonable budget, this is one of the best places you'll find, I guarantee.
I don't have curry all the time and I haven't had it in tons of places, but I went to Curry Corner when it was on Lemon and I hunted it down to find it on Apache, too. This curry rules so hard!
Oh man!  Rarely do I hand out 5 stars... but this place is an exception.  First off, don't be turned off by the crummy strip mall it's in, or the Tempe trash that loiters around outside scratching at their coke bugs... or the fact that u-turns and left-hand turns are a pain in the ass off of Apache due to this light-rail set-up - you must open your mind!

The guy working tonight was either the owner or son of the owner or something but he KNEW customer service.  He was welcoming, friendly, informative... diligent with cleaning up, taking and bringing orders AND answering the myriad of questions I threw out at him (like "is the lamb leg or shoulder... are the bones included...?")  This guy knew his food (we shared our goat meat sources and cooking tips) and described everything in a very detailed way.  I sure wasn't asking lots of questions to be picky.. no, in fact I was wanting to learn how this $9 goat dish I had was having such an effect on me... OOF!  BEST friggin $9 I've spent so far this year!!!  I could eat this all day!

Out from the kitchen where a Pakistani woman was cooking came a size-able stainless steel container with this wonderfully aromatic, succulent goat meat in tomato and garam masala stew... it was fantastic!  I love that they used the fat renderings with the garam masala to make this *heavenly* soupy deliciousness that was plentiful in the little container.... damn, I'm salivating just remembering it all over again.

SO, check out this place.  The guy was awesome but what stood out the most was their flavorful goat dish... the goat being the stand-out!   My sister's Chicken Tikka was also super flavorful, but mine was definitely more complex and interesting... now i just need another excuse to go to Tempe so I can relive this!
This place is AMAZING. Very good prices, exceptional service, even better food! They are renovating right now so don't let the decor steer you away. The food is full of flavor and just the right portions. The naan was fluffy and delicious. I would eat there every day if my waistline would allow it! :)
I went here last week with a large group (6 people). We ordered 5 dishes including two orders of chicken tikka masala, goat curry, chicken achari, and palak paneer. Overall we all (including one friend who is Indian) thought it was not the best Indian food we have had....the tikka masala was alright, but wasn't as rich or flavorful as other tikka masalas I have had. I did not care for the chicken achari, but I have not had that before, so it may just not be something I like in general. The palak paneer was alright, but again, was somewhat bland. The goat curry, in my opinion, was the best thing we had. It had a lot of goat flavor (which I like), and was generally tasty. The meals all came with either rice or naan, but disappointingly, the rice was plain white rice (no spices in it like most basmati rices) and the naan was also plain. Still nice that it was included...which brings me to the reason this place is 3 stars and not 2....it is soo inexpensive! We each paid six dollars and change for all of that food....most places would be well over 10$ each, so that is worth an extra star all on its own. I probably wouldn't come here if you want amazing food, but if you want decent food on the cheap, this is your place!
By far the best Indian food I've had in Arizona. Excellent service and prices!
Very deceiving from the outside, but the food was very unique! It's rare to find a place that sells delicacies from Pakistan or Afghanistan. I tried the goat dish. The meat was very tender, though a bit fatty, but I didn't mind since it was very flavorful. It was stewed in a thick and flavorful sauce. You get either naan or basmati rice with the dish, but we got both. Our meal ended with clove-infused rice pudding... which was addicting! Our server was very friendly and had good recommendations. There is no ambiance, so don't go expecting a classy atmosphere. This place is for people that appreciate good and unique food. Looking forward to trying more off of their amazing menu!
My new favorite restaurant. I have been here twice, now..the first time just randomly chose the chicken achari, and was completely amazed, the flavors exploded across my palate, with the subtle heat in the finish, was like nothing I've ever experienced. I upgraded to the potato naan, which is mashed potatoes stuffed between two delicious pieces of grilled bread..my second time, I got the curry sampler, combo thingy..three different curries, pickled onions, naan, and yogurt sauce..this is the way to go..always upgrade to the potato naan! The combo said it came with a desert on the menu, but not in reality..still the cold leftovers were a perfect finish..
I had high expectations for this restaurant after reading all the great reviews on Yelp and it did not disappoint. My friends and I were a bit apprehensive because we are not exactly Indian food connoisseurs but the server helped us order our dishes and we were very pleased with what we got. All the curry was delicious and it had the perfect amount of spice to it, just enough to make you reach for the water but not too much that you lose the taste of the food. The naan was delicious and the portions were perfect for sharing with the whole party. I think we had the chicken makhani, chicken tikka masala, one of their goat specials, and the vegetarian thali plate which was a big sample plate of a bunch of different foods. Oh and it doesn't get better than only paying around $8 per person and being so full you can barely move. Let's just say I am jealous of everyone at ASU who can frequent this restaurant on a regular basis.
My favorite food near asu!
Best Indian food I have ever had. The Chicken Tikki Masala was incredible. It would be 5 stars if the waitress hadn't been so apathetic. The food was worth the mediocre service though! I've found my new favorite Indian place!
I rarely go to Indian restaurants. But this is a place I love to visit often. The food seems as if it was done with great interest. When u go there, order anything with rice. They cook it to perfection. I like their handi dishes a lot.

If there is one thing I can suggest, it is that they should stop adding food coloring to some of their dishes. No need to guild this Lilly!
I thought this place was going to be better based on reviews but I guess not. You enter in through the hookah place next door and you are obligated to get your own drinks. I love Indian food, I make it at home all of the time but sometimes I like to venture out. The lowdown:

*I got the tikka masala fries and they were good but they desperately needed salt.
*Mattar paneer also needed salt and spice, I thought this food was supposed to be full of flavor and spice?No creamy texture and the cheese was rubbery and more firm than it is supposed to be. 
*My partner's lamb curry was sadly laden with oil and you could see the separation between the tomato curry and the oil sitting on top. The biggest part of the lamb that was saved for last was mostly, if not all fat. 
*Basmati rice needed salt as well, and I'm not a salt fiend! More oil would have helped to make it moist. 
*Garlic Naan was crispy and hot.

In conclusion: tikka masala fries and naan were good. I was disappointed at the lack of flavor everything had. If you want one of the best experiences go to Royal Taj here in Tempe, if you want some of the best Indian food in your life go to Delhi Palace in Flagstaff at Woodlands Village.
I love this place. Like I've said in other reviews, I'm a student, so I appreciate a deal. I'm also a foodie and have expensive taste, so I love when the three can come together on rare occasions, and bless me with great food! 

I love Indian food, especially Pakistani and Punjabi. I'm still trying things on the menu but so far, the Chicken Tikka was flavorful, I wish I would've gotten their wonderful saffron rice with it, instead of the regular basmati, but saving money, it tasted just as great. The Aloo Palak, potatoes with sauted spinach and spices was a great vegetarian meal and went perfect with rice and their GREAT garlic Nan. 

I also had the the Goat Biryani and though I loath bones, the meat and saffron rice with the rendered fat from stewing made it worth the extra effort of getting through the many bones (that is to be expected with any goat dish at many ethnic restaurants and is part of the dining experience). Very well done dish.

Yes the atmosphere is laid back, but the owner caters to us college students and that keeps the cost down, I think they're the most reasonable Indian restaurant in the valley, that alone will keep me coming back. The service is good, laid back as well, the owner is very kind and attentive, again the food is great so I'll be back often, you should definitely pop your head in and start with some Nan and let your mind wander through the many choices..

They even have daily specials, like Halal Kung Pao Chicken one day...
This was our first time at Curry Corner and we were very satisfied with the service and the food was absolutely delish!!
I have only had one lunch meal here - the thali. I can surely say their menu is reasonably priced but, the taste of the food is below average. The meats were indeed cooked to perfection but, the just wasn't great. Very controlled use of oil/fat which is another plus. I will update this as I try a couple more items.
I started going here about 5 months ago when a friend who lives right near it said it was pretty good.  I do not eat nonkosher meat or poultry, so I was delighted when I saw they have a good amount of fish options with Talapia.  My favorite by far is the fish biryani (fish cooked with rice and a ton of herbs and seasonigns) served with a side of yogurt.  It is absolutely phenomenal and cheap considering the portion size.  I think it costs like 8 dollars.  The amount of seasonings and herbs is what really makes the dish taste so good.  

I have also tried the fish curries.  They are pretty good, but I much prefer the Biryani.  My GF usually orders a curry,either fish or vegetable, and she also loves it.  We also order the samosas on occasion, which have a great flavor.  The Naan is also delicious, but I have never really had "bad" naan at an indian/paki restuarant, so i do not think that having great naan is a special benefit - rather, if you dont have great naan, i wont be going to the restaurant!

The service is usually slow, but getting better as the restaurant becomes more professional.  I hope they dont lose the home style cooking or low prices as a result of becoming more of a "real" restaurant.  

Also, Guy Fieri ate there recently for his DDD show and I am very excited to see it!
So good! I'm a vegetarian; got the veggie thali plate. Delicious, super-spicy garbanzos and dal, not so great spinach. Excellent value. Mango lassi tasted sweet, not mango-y. Split excellent aloo tiki appetizer. Husband said his chicken thali plate was also great. Wish they'd open one in our part of the country!!
Delicious food, cramped spaces, just like India itself!
Seriously one of my favorite places to eat anywhere in the valley!  Try the Samosas, they are kind of addicting.
I went back here to try again after my disappointing first attempt. This time I was very pleased. The food was excellent and the portions on the lunch combo were perfect. I'm really glad I tried again, this place will  become a regular for me!
it seriously blows my mind that this place has a 4.5 star average. who is rating this stuff so high?!!

the samosas were served room-temperature, my paneer dish was EXTREMELY greasy, my mango lassi never came, the entire restaurant was out of napkins (not kidding!) and the chicken dishes come with such huge chunks of chicken that there's barely any flavor (so i'm told, i don't eat meat). a highlight was the garlic naan, lowlight, the service. by far. two young women who didn't care the least about good service.

don't waste your time or money. seriously, go up the street to the dhaba. waaaaaay better food and service. a little pricier, but you get what you pay for.
UPDATE:  Looks like the health department can confirm my personal experience.  5 negative findings on their most recent inspection (http://phoenix.about.com/library/blrestinspectbad0613.htm). Meanwhile, the owners keep messaging me to get me to delete my review.

Oh Curry Corner.  I loved you since the day I met you.

Your takeout orders were usually wrong.  But I forgave you, for each time I came inside, my food was just right.

I was wierded out by your self-service beverages, and your water always tasted so awful that I drank tea or soda.  I figured it was a ploy to sell drinks, and I was OK with that, because your food was so cheap and so delicious.

I was excited to come in last week to find Guy Fieri's visit (can't stand the dude...wtf is with his hair...SERIOUSLY) prompted a major renovation.  Gone were the mostly disgusting and crappy booths near the kitchen.  Hardly an improvement to remove booths and replace with tables and chairs, but this was.  They cleaned it up. And it looked great!

Well, I was pumped that my friend, who is mostly an Indian food virgin, enjoyed this place and his first foray to the cuisine.  So much so, that (well, until he reads this review) I couldn't bear to tell him what I saw when we checked out.

A roach.  Not a dead one.  One still clinging to it's life.  Legs in the air like he just didn't care.

I immediately bugged (ha!) my friend who had originally turned me on to the place to tell him my woeful tale of a roach at Curry Corner.  OH, he said?  I saw one the last time I was there, but I assumed it was just a fluke.

No.  It was not.  And no thanks, CC.  I'm over you.
I love love love!! the food here. I tried the Chicken Haramasala today and it was absolutely amazing. Too bad its a special item and not a part of the regular menu. Now having said that, I wish they'd clean their restroom more often. How about cleaning the floors now and then, some air freshener maybe and oh, empty the trash once in a while?! I had to take back one star, just because of the restroom. Sorry CC :(
My Indian friend suggested I go and try their goat biryani and mango lhassi. I have to say the portions are huge! It tasted really good and you could tell that they used good quality basmati rice. I couldn't finish half of what was in my plate. The mango lhassi was really refreshing and sweet! loved it! the only issue i have with this place is the service! really horrible. we came around 12 noon and there were very few customers there. but oh my! the waitress was super slow, it took 15 minutes to get the lhassi. And get this--- she doesn't even offer you a straw as she serves you with it. You would have to go get the straw from their counter. I don't get that..  I mean she is already serving the drink, why wouldn't she serve the straw as well. The only redeeming thing is that their price is super cheap for the amount and quality of the food that you get. I will come back some other day and i hope that the service gets better!
Not sure whether to give this place 3 or 4 stars.  I eat there 1-2x a month and they consistently have some of the best food in this class.  And they consistently have the most mediocre service.  I don't use this word often but the young ladies that have worked as wait staff since I started eating there way back when would best be described as 'ditzy'.  Tonight I had a delicious Chicken Tikka Masala and some hummus, both excellent.  I was also going to have a Mango Lassi but it never arrived. I also had to ask for a plate and getting that had to ask for silverware.  When I ask for a napkin I was told they are on the bar on the other side of the restaurant.  Are you kidding me? So I had to leave my food and all to walk across the place to get my own napkin.  I'm a consistent 20% tipper at a minimum.  I know how hard wait staff work in most place.  This one tonight, again, I felt I was being generous in leaving her 2 bucks. Oy vey!
This has to be the best Indian food I have ever had in my life! My husband said the same thing. Everything we had was just amazing and so flavorful and the prices are great! 
 
We had the Fish Curry, Non veg tali (sp?) with this chickpea dish the waitress recommended, A mango lassi, and garlic naan. Everything was out of this world! So good! There was a curry that was on the tali plate that I had never heard of and it was one of the best things I have ever eaten. The waitress told me the name, but I can't remember. She said it was a buttery flavored curry. The fish curry was excellent, the naan was the best I've ever had. And the lassi was good and sweet.
Two words:  Goat Karahi.  The reason I will be willing to drive from San Tan Valley to Tempe again.  

Hopefully I spelled this right, by the way.  I forgot to grab a take-out menu to get names right.  Anyway, this dish was suggested by our server.  Who incidentally was very courteous and attentive.  

The goat was tender, flavorful and just delicious.  We should have ordered two dishes of it because it comes on the bone and my husband and I were left wanting more.  

We also had the Chicken Korma, which was good but when we return we'll try something else.  

Prices are excellent, entrees include either rice or naan.  We opted for rice but also ordered garlic naan.  Good call on our part.  The naan was crispy and soft at the same time with great garlic flavor.  Yum!

If I understand correctly, they've recently remodeled.  I saw no problems with cleanliness, one of the things that seems to have been an issue previously.  

Had a nice chat with our server about how their experience was with Guy Fieri as well.  

Can't wait to go back and try some other dishes.
I know a lot of people who love this place, but I don't get it.  They are going to be featured on the food network as having the beset chicken tikka masala.  I ordered this twice (thinking maybe the first time it was an off day) but it was horrible each time.  Not tender or tasty. 

The goat tastes like lamb and has that grassy taste.  And the Nan's are served on these plastic trays, where they don't change the foil between customers!   Bathroom is filthy.  Lots of college students eat here, and it is in walking distance of ASU's campus.  It's not even that cheap.  

I must be missing something, because I do not recommend this place.
Amazing food !! I cant tell ya all of what we had but i can tell ya it was amazing !! The potato naan was soooo yummy !! The tikka marsala chicken was wonderful ! The other things i dont know the name of were out of this world ( i will try to update with their names soon cuz u need to know :) 

They forgot the toppings on the tikka marsala fries though :( didnt know till we were home to my sisters ...
Great authentic food. A hidden gem. Service could improve a bit, however with a name like curry corner I think everyone knows what you are getting into.
SO GOOD! my husband loves diners, drive in's and dives and when we saw this place reviewed and realized it's five minutes from where we live, we decided to go there today for lunch. I'm not a super adventurous eater, but this was AMAZING!
Awesome service.......our servers were attentive, helpful and helped us order! 
We will FOR SURE be back!
I went back last night.  Had to.  There is no better Chicken Tikka Masala around.... It was superb as usual along with the garlic naan and samosas.   And I'm please to report that the service this time,unlike almost every visit before, was very professional.   I'm not a college student and won't just be 'ok' with any kind of service. Maybe college students aren't either.  She was attentive, took my order promptly, brought everything I needed to the table, and checked on me 2-3 times during the course of my solo dining.  Very well done indeed.  I just hope they can keep up this level of service because it matches their food now!  Nuff said.
Found this place on here about 6 mo ago and have gone twice, really enjoyed it both times.

Service has been very good both times, drinks stayed full (it is semi-self serve, so ymmv), and food came out piping hot.  

The food:  The girlfriend and I like to get samplers so we can try a wide range of food, both times we got 1 non-veg, and 1 veg combo.  I highly recommend that to a) people looking for variety and b) people looking for leftovers.  

The first time we went we saw these incredible looking fries come out so it was a must order the 2nd time through.  The Tikka Misala fries were very good.  I feel like the menu said feta but we got blue cheese.  It was still very delicious.

The only thing I would enjoy more would be more naan to come with it,  I know I could order more but I am too busy enjoying the deliciousness.  

Have been looking for a reliable option for this kind of food nearby and I think I've found it.  Can't wait to try more of the menu.
I really cannot overstate how good this place is. Every dish we tried was better than the next. A big dude named Omar took our order and he could not have been friendlier, and considering this place was on Triple D a few nights before, it was so cool how appreciative he was of our business. So, the food and service are great...what else is there? Oh yea three of us ate like Pakistani royalty with plenty of leftovers for $35. That's why I gave a rare five stars.
Friendly Service and GREAT food.  The hummus and naan are awesome!  Such big portions on our entrees as well.
We know good Indo-Pak food (having grown up on Indo-Pak food gives us some credibility) and on our 1st visit, the whole group left raving!! 
The Kharai Goat was finger licking good! 
Seekh Kebabs were so flavorful! 
The Afghani Boti was grilled to perfection. 
The chicken tikka masala was ok. 
And the mango lassi was so refreshing!!! 
We will be back to Curry Corner for sure!! Worth the 30 min drive from So Chandler:)
The food from Curry Corner is good but the service is pretty bad and their attitude is very racist... They treat the white Americans as Roman Gods and the people from the subcontinent and Mexico as the slaves... They will treat you as if they were your boss if you are anywhere from Asia... So if you are looking for quite tasty food (at somewhat higher but okay price) but bad behavior from the owners you are very welcome.
I ordered 3 items to go one of which was chicken tikka masala and  I didn't get it we were charged for it but we got a beef dish with lots of bones I was pretty disappointed I don't think I will be back!!!!!!!
Been there three times now. Not a big fan for curry, but I guess this one works for me!
Any restaurant that can convince our 8-year old daughter that goat is her new favorite meat is serving really superb dishes. These folks are masterful in building complex and distinct flavors, some spicy and others mild, but all melt-in-your-mouth delicious. We drove 1200 miles from Portland, Oregon to visit family, knowing all the while we couldn't leave Phoenix before coming to eat here. We're so glad we did, and can't wait to come again.
My main reason for coming here was the tikka masala fries - it sounded too good to pass up.  And like Russell Peters' standup comedy, these fries are TOOOOO GOOD.

Pictures do not do the tikka masala fries any form of justice because no camera in existence is capable of capturing the full spectrum of their awesomeness.  For only a few bucks you get a generous portion of delicious french fries SMOTHERED in tikka masala sauce, drizzled with some white yogurty sauce, and then topped with feta cheese.  OH MAN.  It was so good that I would be very inclined to make the 400 mile drive from LA just to eat those fries again.

I couldn't finish them on my own so I took half home, even though I was worried that they'd be soggy the next day.  But turns out, they were STILL GOOD as leftovers.  I swear, that tikka masala must be magical as both a goldmine of flavor and as a preserver of all that is goodness.

I also highly recommend the goat karahi.  So much spices and deliciousness in one dish, I definitely got the curry sweats afterward but it was SO worth it.  I can't even imagine how much spicier some of their dishes must be, considering the karahi wasn't even marked on the menu and yet it was able to sizzle my mouth adequately.

Didn't learn until a month later that the joint was featured on Diners, Drive Ins, & Dive's.  No wonder the TV was only tuned to the Food Network!

Definitely coming back here next time I'm in the area.  Hopefully Guy Fieri isn't there, since I can't really stand his face.
I saw this place on the show Diner, Drive-Ins and Dives. The Best Tandoori chicken I've ever had. I tried the Salt Lassi, which was not refreshing at all.
Went here because we saw it on triple D. Great food home- like vibe.
You have to go to this little gem, which is hidden in a nondescript strip-mall location.  The location is small and is - for reasons unknown - usually quite empty.  I had the tikka masala (once with chicken, once with lamb) and naan.  Both times I was in tikka masala heaven.  My friend had potatoes in a green sauce (I forget what herb the sauce was made from) - I had a taste and it was also crazy good (especially for a vegetarian dish, which I do not gravitate toward).  You won't be disappointed!
I'm not sure about this place when you take your food to go,I don't recommend that at all
Was at an event with a bunch of friends and decided to come here last minute. Tiki masala chicken was good and the garlic naan was ok. Mango Lassie was also good.  Place is smaller so we had to wait a while for table but we were so hungry we got it to go.  Pretty satisfied with this choice instead of a burger.
Love this place. One of my favorite place for Indo-Paki food in entire Arizona. Service is not the best but food is delicious. 

We ordered Chicken Tekka Masala and Lamb Tekka Masala with Garlik Naan and Rice.

The chicken and lamb was done right and really delicious. 

If you go with two people, order one main dish, rice and bread that will be enough for two people.
We saw it on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and decided to go with apprehension. Guy did not steer us wrong! The Goat Karahi was the perfect combination of flavor and heat with a blend of spices. I just placed an order to go while thinking about it. Best in town but if you dont trust my culinary palate then look no further beyond the walls littered with awards. 

If you are hungry...Go NOW!
The Chicken Boti is awesome, though the lunch serving was not served as a kebab. I also love the Naan. Prices seemed responsible. The tikka masala fries are really good too.
very tasty food.
I will def. go there again.
OMG! Seriously one of the best Paki restaurant EVER. Well that might be me saying that because it was the only place which served me Chapli Kabob lol. But on a serious note i think this place has done really well for themselves even though i think they have a competition only a block away but its always dead. I was in tempe for 2 days and and went there both days. Customer service was great as well. The dude from the TV wasn't wrong. :D
Most of their business is from the HUGE Indian and a Pakistani student population by ASU. So if they all love it trust me you will as well.
The food, the prices, the service - couldn't get any better. Two thumbs up for Curry Corner!
Amazing chicken tikka masala, just as good as my favorite Indian restaurant back in Philadelphia. If you're near Tempe you should really try curry corner... And get the garlic naan.
I really like this place. They have a variety of Indian food.Its worth going to this place.
Straight to the point their food is delicious and deserves 4 stars, but their service is awful/ disappointing. I honestly even wish their food wasn't so good. I've come in on multiple occasions and the waiter/waitresses have been so rude. On one occasion when I asked for water while I waited for my to-go the waitress with a lot of makeup on was talking badly about me in spanish. Awkward considering I understand/speak Spanish. It was to the point where I felt uncomfortable eating there. Service is slow and it's to the point where I feel I need to write this review.
I love Curry Corner, it's got the best Indian and Pakistani food in Tempe. A lot of my Pakistani friends and Indian friends all recommend it. After going for a couple of years, I was glad to see they had expanded the place and got some publicity with Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. Their Chicken Makhani and briyani is so good and their garlic naan can be eaten on its own. Definitely a great place to go!
This place is pretty decent. I wish I knew more about Indian food or culture to really enjoy it. But I don't, whatever. 

Their naan is AMAZING. It's so flaky and buttery! My favorite of course.
Their chicken tikki masala is on point. It has lots of flavor and is the perfect amount of spicy. So was their tandoor chicken tikki masala. 

Their rice lacked flavor but it wasn't too bad with the other stuff. 

I got this stew thing, which was pretty good but I'm not a big fan of lamb so if I had to get it again, I'd get beef instead. 

We'll probably be back.
Great restaurant. I like it very much. You have to taste it if you didn't taste it yet!
Good yummy food. We had chicken jalfrezi, hickey makhani, and paneer achari. Mango lassi was yum as usual. Paneer tikka may have been better choice than achari. Achari was good but had thin gravy.
Best chicken tikka masala, nice and spicy. I order the garlic naan.
My husband gets the biryani  and he's always happy with it.

I used to eat inside but our last 4 visits my husband orders take out. 
The owner's son (part owner?) is nice and helpful.
So, the other day my friend and I wanted to go and have Cantonese food down the street from this place, but they were closed for an ASU welcome back dinner; wack!! So, I scrammed to find a yummy place last minute on Yelp which was in the area, and Curry Corner popped up.

I am very happy that he and I went to this place after all. Since I am doing a physical and spiritual cleanse at this time and cannot eat meat, dairy, processed sugar, sweets, breads/white flour products, this place made me happy. 

I had their veggie combination and was blown away by how well delectable they can make chic peas and spinach taste with their spices and techniques. 

I am going back when I can eat meat and bread and will enjoy their fish/chicken dishes and supposedly amazing naan.

I am a fan!

Love,
The East Coast Foodie
Yum,yum,yum! The hummus is wonderful and served with naan (any flavor you want) I have been there four times and each time was five star. Chicken tandoori is very tender and tasteful. Even the goat and lamb was superb. We were treated like kings & queens even though they were super busy. The parking is good once you maneuver around Apache blvd. God love the rail! I highly recommend it if you love indian/pakistani food. I have yet to try the deserts, always too full.
The food is good, but a little bit too much Mexican food fusion here. Each table has two types of hot sauce-- the red rooster sauce and a straight habanero sauce. What's the deal?

It's worth coming back though, since prices are around $8 on average and mango lassi is $2.50.  Just... don't expect an authentic Indian food experience.
Fast, cheap, and good food. Last star reserved because servers were overwhelmed by dinner rush, sauces were a little salty (but not a deal breaker), and we sat in a cramped corner in a dining room that got pretty hot. I'll be back though to try other things.
The Chicken Boti Kebab is phenomenal--the chicken is tender and full of flavor, and it is served with great pickled onions and a delicious green sauce.
Great food with amazing prices!! The service was good... A little strange because we never actually had one specific server but they were all very friendly!
Was in the Tempe area and visited CC to try out their Guy Fieri recommended tandoori chicken. The restaurant welcome us at the door with an immediate aroma and we found the last available table for two even at 3pm on a Saturday.

In between college kids and a sprinkling of Indian patrons, the first thing to visually be distracted by are the loud TVs set to the food network but a lively atmosphere regardless.

As today was yet another fiery day in the desert, the owners decided to let us sweat some more by having on a half working AC (a huuuge gripe for me on summer days) and not enough fans.

As we have a pretty high bar for Indian cuisine, the tandoori chicken was indeed moist and charbroiled well. You get two chicken legs per order along with a side of naan or rice. Hubby went for the tikka masala but he was surprised that there was no question of the preferred heat level by our waitress. It turned out a mild variation of what he's used to and a bit lacking in depth of spices. 

Their naan was more on the thin crispy side so by my standards a 3 star effort at best. And if you're not a huge coriander lover, definitely ask for the curry sans the pungent leafy condiment as CC does tend to overindulge. Hubby's side was the saffron infused rice which was al dente and a good texture.

We probably won't make a special trip out just for dinner but both our meals summed up to definitely less than one dish at our regular spot in north scottsdale, so those on college budgets should continue to feel comfortable with CC being their go to Tempe curry joint!
Not sure why this was on Food Network. Chicken was fatty and dark meat in curries. The best parts of the meal were the nan bread and the rice.
Been here a couple of times, and it's a pretty good place. Good food, reasonable prices. Their customer service is alright and varies from day to day, once we came in at night and the customer service was pretty bad, but at other times it was good...should be consistent.
Tikka masala fries are amazing!!!!! Crunchy mushy spicy sweet = wow

Everything else was just ok
The food is OK, but ASK FOR AN ITEMIZED RECEIPT. They overcharged me, my sister, and a friend on 3 separate occasions. Their explanation was that the prices went up but they hadn't had time to update the menu... but it has been months since the first time I was over charged. I will not give business to dishonest people.
Great food, terrible service. Only one waitress and she did not do a good job. Slow to clean off tables, didn't come by to ask if we needed refills. They allow you to sit where you want but then when a larger party comes in, they don't have a good spot to sit. If they had a better waitress or one more, I think I could bump up the rating.
This place gets 4 stars because the food is amazing. The service, however, left a little to be desired. 

When we walked in no one greeted us and there was no sign saying "seat yourself" so we sort of stood there for awhile not sure what to do. Eventually we just sat down and waited. It took awhile for the waitress to come take our order. 

We ordered tikka masala fries, the vegetarian combo, and my husband ordered the tandoori chicken. Everything was great but those fries were killer! They were delicious. I couldn't stop eating them. 


The naan that came with the vegetarian plate was so good. I loved everything. 

When we were done we waited a really long time for our check. Eventually we just walked up to the register where the waitress was and asked her if we paid there or at the table. She was really nice but I think she was overloaded with how many people were in there. 

I will go back. It was seriously good enough to make me drive out to Tempe again. The place isn't a fancy restaurant (really casual) but the food is worth it.
Got this place from Diners Drivins and Dives. When I walked in to this place it looked kind of low budget but when we tasted the food it was suprisingly wonderful. The only problem was service. They forgot my wifes meal and that took a while to fix. But the food is worth going back and trying again.
I had the lamb tikka and it was OK. The food was very tasty but it wasn't hot (hot as in "not warm"). And It kinda felt like eating homemade Indian food that got microwaved  for 1 minute and 30 seconds and then served to us. Prices are reasonable, $8-$10 for a small bowl of curry and meat of your choice and a big plate of white (flavorless) biryani rice. 

Would give 5 stars if: 1) Food was freshly made, 2) Hot and 3) More meat :)
My husband and I freaking love Indian food. We had a business trip in Scottsdale, AZ, and after watching Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives and seeing that Tempe was just 10 minutes up the road, we made it our mission to try Curry Corner. I had high hopes for this place to blow my mind.

We were served quickly, but the meal left much to be desired. We started with samosas which were really good. However the water they brought us tasted like it came out of a hotel swimming pool - very chlorine-y. 

I asked if I could have tikka masala, except made with shrimp instead of chicken (usually an option at most Indian places). The server said he "would ask, but the cook is sometimes funny about stuff like that." I didn't understand how difficult it could be to put tikka masala sauce over shrimp instead of chicken, but I was ultimately served shrimp tikka masala. What a disappointment! The sauce literally tasted like Campbell's soup, or ketchup. Just plain tomato sauce. I don't know if this is some side sauce that was whipped up to satisfy my request for shrimp in place of chicken and just wasn't the normal tikka that is used, but I was pretty sad about the whole thing. Had I known it would so negatively affected my meal overall, I would have just stuck with chicken.

The rice was flavorless. Normally I can eat rice from my favorite Indian places plain, because it's so delicious and cooked with cinnamon, cilantro, cardamom, etc. The rice not only didn't taste seasoned, but it also took on the chlorine taste from the water. They would really benefit from installing a water filter in their restaurant.

My husband had chicken makhani which WAS really good. The cheese and garlic naan were also both delicious.

I wish I could give my experience a better rating, but it was ultimately a disappointment for me.
First time I went with an indian couple and the felt that it was the best Indian food they had outside of India. It was delish... cant recomend the mixed tandoori enough.
I love DDD and always check out his picks when in the area. Seen this on TV and decided to see what all the hoo-ha was all about. Normally Guy is pretty good with his choices but sometimes he can be off a bit.

Inside is rather small and appears to be a hit with the ASU students as well as the regulars who live or work nearby. There are two TVs that are always on and either playing the Food Network or a cheesy flick from overseas.

The menu has a several choices to pick from when ordering. Some are more Pakistani style while others are more of the standard favorites that you would see for this type of restaurant cuisine.

Started with a some appetizers. Ordered the Samosas with dipping sauces and on another visit some Aloo Tikki. Had to try what Guy had eaten so got the Goat Karahi with Garlic Naan and then came back again later in the week and tried the Tandoori Chicken Tikka.

They definitely got the flavors down but the portions seemed rather small. Really liked both the Goat and the Tandoori. Wish that you could order a larger version of the meals without having to pay for two dishes. I had asked if I could get the Tandoori with more chicken for an extra charge and I was told that was not an option. Hmmm?

Give them a try and make sure to fill up on the appetizers first so that you are not still hungry when you are finished. Prices are reasonable until you end up ordering more than what you were expecting. THAT'S MONEY!

3.25 STARS
We went twice in one week. After hearing about this place from coworkers I had to try. I don't recall what we ordered as we just asked the super sweet waitress to bring us sampling of her favorite dishes. Spice was just right and the flavor is delightfully foreign. A must try!
I've heard many good thing. Many. Many. Many. I want to thank you yelpers for helping me through the menu. Several of you mentioned the (Goat Karahi) and omg that was good. Fall off the bone meat with a spiciness that I loved. The boyfriend had the (Chicken Tikki Masala), he was done before I could get a bit, so that speaks for it self. For appetizer we had a the (Samosas) and (Tandoori Wings) and we pretty much inhaled both. Yeah inhaled. They took a bit longer to make due to the cooking process but definitely worth the wait. Service was good. Not great. She did the job while juggling seven other tables but I'm a server as well and she knew how to handle this restaurant. When the bill came, I choked a bit because I thought we got under charged. Nope. The food is amazing. It's nothing simple but it will leave you taking a to-go menu and craving more. We'll be back. Yes we will.
Excellent. Had the chicken tikki, great! If you like Indian food, you have to go here!
Terrible terrible terrible service.....please save yourself some time, pride and money...specially if you are an asian. The skinny weirdo who takes your order does not have any courtesy whatsoever...no hello..no smile...no thank you nothing!!
I felt so weird and so little while standing in their cramped and filthy restaurant with my wife for at least 15minutes without being welcomed or even asked to sit down.
Finally, the owner lady asked us to sit down with such an attitude as if she is doing a huge favor to us.The lady would talk so nicely about the food and stuff to our non asian neighbors but would never bother coming to us to take our order or even to hand us the menu(btw this has happened to us twice on separate occasions)
Wow lady!!..were we not paying or what?? This is not the racist land where you came from and we are not college students who would not react to this kind of mean and rude service.
The water took 20 minutes to arrive...don't even wanna talk about the other female server...she is just going through her shift.
I grew up eating this kind of food so you can take it from me, seriously it's not that great..they use chicken thigh meat in all curries which is not always a good thing...portions sizes are ridiculously small...nothing interesting really...there are much better and courteous places around. I seriously hope that their "Guy Fiery" bubble bursts soon.
I am not going back again at any cost...and would highly recommend all of you to stay away..specially if you are an asian.
I have been going to this place frequently for the last 1 and half years and the food was great until recently.  The last few times I ordered take out food and I always find the curries highly diluted with water, samosas fried in old oil and their signature biriyani not flavorful at all.  The last time I ordered take out food from there, I even found a piece of meat in my veggie curry!! 

Like others have mentioned, the service is poor, the place is highly understaffed and not so friendly staff either.

The place used to be known for its flavorful, cheap food but sadly the quality has degraded over the last few months...
My workgroup came here for dinner. Standard hole in the wall decor. We found prices to be reasonable, our portions were way too much for one person. The chicken tikka wings were awesome, they also had tikka masala fries, something different unique never had it before but still tasted american flavor so didn't go well with the rest of the food. Also had nehari, lamb curry, and chicken handi, all good but nothing special.
Really over rated on here. Food was basic, chicken was slimy. Staff were friendly but not  very attentive. Had to ask for plates, a knife, napkins and a glass of water which tasted like pond water. Bit of an odd experience.
Great food. Briyani, chicken tikka, lamb curry, etc, I will be back. You do not come to the restaurant for the atmoshphere nor the service. It is 4 stars because service was bad.
Sure, the fishtank looks gross and the decor is far more shabby than chic, but nobody comes here for the ambiance. The FOOD, man, the food is incredible. There isn't a bad thing on the menu. The cheese naan is so wrong but SO RIGHT. The chicken tikka masala is on point, and the goat biryani is so tender and flavorful.
This was GREAT Indian food. It doesn't look like much from the outside, and is definitely in a divey location, but wow. First off, order the fries with masala sauce. Seriously, trust me. They were double fried and so crispy they all but shattered when you looked at them, but doused in delicious sauce and feta cheese. I'm pretty sure I could have eaten that and called it an entire meal. The garlic naan wasn't as garlicky as I could have hoped, but it was tasty anyways. All of the rest of the food was delicious, and the service was friendly. Only thing I was missing was the little dish of spices on the way out the door. It always helps settle my stomach after a heavy meal. Nice big parking lot here, which is great right off campus.
YES to the samosas. They are flavorful, steamy hot, and come with a delicious sauce. NO to the curries - ha, go figure. Unless you like liquidy, oily, flavorless broth with chunks of meat inside. Also, NO to the water. It tastes very chlorinated.

Note the door on the left is STUCK so don't be discouraged and try, try again!
People have to stop judging Indian restaurants by how they make Chicken Tikka Masala or any Tikka Masala for that matter. Yes, Chicken Tikka Masala is an Indian dish but it is not the only Indian dish. Hell, it's a north Indian dish that seldom gets any attention in other parts of India.

I choose Curry Corner over other Indian restaurants in this area because of its positive reviews. I ordered a Lamb Biryani and a Chicken Curry to-go was told the order would take 15-20mins. So I sat at one of the tables and patiently waited. The place was not busy and almost everyone who came after me got their food served while I was still kept waiting. Finally, after more than 35mins of waiting my order was ready and I was told the Lamb Biryani usually takes time to prepare. So I thought maybe Biryani was worth the wait.

Initially the Biryani looked good but when I started digging into it was when I realized how badly it was prepared. The Biryani was just rice mixed with some curry and a few hard-to-chew lamb pieces thrown in. Trust me, it tasted awful. I simply don't understand why some Indian restaurants have this compulsion to include a Biryani on the menu when they don't know or even have the faintest idea about how it is prepared.

And as for the Chicken Curry, it tasted OK; nothing great - just mediocre. 
Curry Corner is another Indian restaurant serving mediocre Indian food to susceptible locals. What a shame!
Stay away from curries they are watered down. Friendly people cozy atmosphere. All I tried was chicken tikka masala and it's not up to par.
Service still bad, but I keep coming back because the food is excellent. Try the tikka masalla fries, it is different and I love it. Chicken tikka masalla is still the best. Ordering the food to go Is the bet option.
So we came here on our lunch break because we wanted to try something new in our lives... plus we heard great review about it since it was on Diners Drive Ins & Dives...

I've never had  any type of Indian/Pakistan food before so this was going to be quite an experience for me. We ordered the Tikka Masala Fries which were bomb.com. The sauce on it was reallyyyyy good. For the entrees we got the Mixed Grilled Sizzler and the Afghani Boti. Everything was a bit spicy for me since I'm a wuss when it comes to that stuff. lol. I liked the meat in the Afghani Boti and the sauce that it comes with. 

The service... was extremely slowwwwww... It took maybe 20 minutes before we even got our waters. We ordered the fries as an appetizer. Which never came out. They ended up coming out with everything else. Other then that it was quite an experience. I might come back if I'm ever in the mood for something different in my life again. =)
Saw this place on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. They're so popular that all the tables were full and there are always people waiting to be seated. There was a very large Pakistani (I'm assuming) family taking up half the restaurant. I took that as a good sign.

Samosas were tasty. The mango and strawberry lassi were good, but I have had better mango. I really enjoyed my chicken makhani. I believe my boyfriend got lamb curry, but I can't remember exactly.

My complaints are about accommodation and the fish tank. The tank needed to be desperately cleaned. They have a lentil bowl for $6. I asked if I could get a smaller portion, like an appetizer, for maybe $4 but was told no. She didn't even ask the owner, who was there.

After our visit I read in the paper that there were 9 food violations. The food was really good but I'll be checking an updated violation check before visiting again.
Very tasty curry. Amazing fries and naan. And I finally tried goat. I'd definitely make another trip when we are on that side of town!
Took me forever to finally leave the comforts of Phoenix to check out Curry Corner.  My only regret, not coming sooner!  Super close, right next to ASU.  Fast, friendly service.  Some of the best garlic and cheese stuffed naan around.  Had the chicken tikka, lamb, biryani and of course a mango lassi.  Like many family owned gems, the dcor isn't fancy.  I was a little worried that they would rest on their DD&D laurels like some restaurants do, but I am eagerly looking for another excuse to head back and check out the rest of the menu.
Saw this restaurant on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. We had to go. The food is excellent, spicy, and it's awesome that the vegetarian section is just as large as the meat section. 

Some of my favorites are the Palak Paneer( freshly chopped spinach greens (palak) cooked with home made paneer (cheese), Aloo Matar (Potatoes sauted with green peas seasoned with house spices, or the Vegetarian Thali ( 2 vegetable curries and one lentil served with rice, naan, yogurt, and salad).

You can't go wrong at this place. Everything is good. If you don't know what to get, just take a chance and you won't be disappointed.
In the mood for Indian so we tried The Dhaba but it was that weird time of day between lunch and dinner. So, we went to Curry Corner. The service wasn't great. Wife got a soda but wasn't offered a refill until we were ready to leave. And the food was spicy, so she REALLY kinda needed it. She asked at one point and we thought the server heard us, but apparently she didn't. The food is okay. I've definitely had better Indian and I'm not sure what would bring us back here.
We went because of Diners drive ins and dives.  We did not get the food he got even though we ordered the same thing.  Ours wasn't tasty the order was smaller and even a different color. The place wasn't clean, dirty floors, sticky table edges.  Wouldn't go again.
The Tikka Masala is addicting and the cheese naan was good and fresh - gonna try the garlic naan next time. Everything was delicious!
Met some friends with my Family.  Everything was very good except for a young server who could not be bothered.  Owner was really nice and helpful with the menu.
Awesome food !!!
I am a big fan of curry corner. They have the best Indian/Pakistani food in Tempe. I am a big fan of the chicken tikka masala, palak paneer and all of the lamb dishes. The biryani rice is also a favorite of mine and of course the naan is also delicious.
Been here 5 times so far.   The curries is always tasty and  consistent,   Price is cheap, and the portions is huge.
Hype for no reason. Service is ok, food is alright. I expected more after hearing about Curry Corner. There are far better options in the area.
Best Indian restaurant in Tempe for reasonably priced and great food. It's located in an eyesore plaza and is desiring a face lift inside but that being said, the food is Amazeballs! Try the chicken tikka masala :D
I saw this restaurant on Diners, Driveins & Dives. I ordered Lamb Biryani, Chicken Curry (medium hot), and Tandoori Chicken & garlic naan.  All of the frood was delicious & the prices don't break the bank.  I'll defnitely be returning.
One of the better cheap, casual indian restaurants.  Only complaint is their service is very iffy.  Sometimes we have a waiter who has to ask several times what we ordered and they even forget items you've ordered.  If the service was better, I'd be here more often.
This time we waited 50 mins for our food to come out. We came dring lunch time on Sat. People came after us got their food and we are still waiting. NOT HAPPY.
The food is really good. We like their food but the waiting time is too long and it kills the pleasure. People come later than us finish sooner. Twenty minutes is ok but we waited for over forty minutes. The last plate was not here after a whole hour so we had to cancel it.
My husband and I are auditioning new Indian food places since our favorite, Royal Taj, will be closing soon. I figured Curry Corner would be a good place to start.

When we arrived, the owner sat us at a dirty table and didn't even notice the debris. It was the gentleman who brought out our water later that seemed to be embarrassed by the mess and immediately wiped the table. 

I got the vegetarian thali so that I could try a few different dishes at once, and my husband got the chicken tikka masala since it's a good "comparison" dish. Our food came out fairly quickly although my naan lagged behind a few minutes. At least it was fresh and hot though very plain. The dal and chickpeas were the standouts in my dish. Tons of flavor for something so simple. My husband was happy with his chicken. He said the meat was tender, and the sauce wasn't overwhelmed with cream like at other places. He was hoping for a bigger portion, but for the price, it was a good value. The basmati was decent, but we prefer the more spiced version from our usual place.

Service was really lacking though. We had to ask for water. My husband's entree didn't come with a plate. No one checked up on us after the food arrived. We had to ask for the check. We observed other patrons who got wrong orders or orders that were forgotten altogether. The misspelled t-shirts worn by the staff "In Expensive Excellence" really irked me too. I would try Curry Corner again, but I might stick to takeout.
My friend in Arizona recommended Curry Corner after finding it via the Food Network app. Overall the experience was good, but I don't think I'd return if I were in the area as I've had better Indian and Pakistani food.

We arrived on a lazy Sunday afternoon close to 12 and the place was quite empty. We sat at one of the few small tables against the wall and began debating what we should order.

We started with an order of the Tikka Masala fries, which I'd seen recommended on Yelp. They were good, especially the portions with feta cheese, but I'd recommend skipping them. The fries were pretty soggy, which is understandable, but the tikka masala sauce wasn't very flavorful or spicy. 

I ordered the Vegetarian thali, a combination of 2 vegetable curries, lentils, rice, naan, yogurt, and a small salad. It was good, though the lentils were incredibly salty. The standout for me was the yogurt dip, which I found really refreshing. The curries were good, just not outstanding. Still, the price can't be beat for the amount of food you get.

My friend ordered the Arabic Plate, which is like the thali plates in that you get two kinds of curry (hers had chicken), lentils, biryani rice, hummus instead of yogurt, salad, and naan. I liked these curries better than my vegetarian ones personally.

The oddest part of our visit was watching someone, presumably an employee, wander back and forth between the kitchen and cleaning the outdoor windows. It made me feel slightly awkward about the potential for unsanitary conditions where my food was being made.

I'd honestly skip Curry Corner, but it's not a bad decision.
I don't understand why everyone loves this place. I went in with high hopes because of all the great reviews and recommendations from friends. We walked in, the place was totally empty and no server in sight. No music just a TV playing the food channel. After an awkward silent min a server comes out the back. Our server was totally awkward.  When the food was ready he literally brought one thing out at a time. The food was soooo boring. The blandest Indian food I have ever eaten. Maybe it's just the vegetarian items that is so tasteless?
This place is absolutely wonderful!!!!! The food is always great no matter how many times you order it. The Chicken Mahkni (I think that is how it is spelled) is an amazingly creamy and flavorful dish, especially with the Briyani rice. Great Tikki Masala too. You absolutely cannot go wrong with the Potato Naan, my husband requests an order just to himself. 
I have only ever ordered out so I have had little experience with the full on customer experience, but the friendliness of the waitresses is hit and miss, but I cannot vouch for the dinning in experience. However, I still feel with the effort this place puts into making great food, it still deserves a full 5 stars.
Casual, very casual, casual in many respects.  There is decent to good food here depending on what is ordered, and it comes out rather fast, and it is lower priced than most Indian restaurants in the valley.  But there are a few drawbacks to dining here.  Though you're paying a couple bucks less per entree, you're also in a not so clean place that has a lot of wear on it other than perhaps the newish large flat panel TV on the wall.  This was one of those times where I realized that maybe it is worth the price difference.  There was only one server for the entire little restaurant on our visit, so I can see how that was frustrating for the other table that was there before us but ordered after us.  The Mexican hot sauce (Cholula) on each table was an interesting observation.
Went with six of my Friends there. Great tasting food. 

Strawberry Milkshake is really tasty. Fries are great. Biryani, Naans, Curris wonderful. 
 
Affordable and Tasty..

Service could be better though.
Passing through Phoenix on a road trip and I went here because it had a good review online. Great samosas! My server recommended the chicken special of the day and it was excellent. He even gave me free garlic naan!
If you have just a bit of patience you will get really good food. My boyfriend had Indian food for the first time here and was not disappointed, despite him not liking spicy things particularly (the servers took note and suggested things with help from my Indian roommates). 

I ordered the hummus which came with 2 pitas and the palak panneer, which was amazing and delicious. We all ended up not being able to finish our meals so we got doggy bags that sealed shut and a plastic bag. 

It was also cool to see the Diners Drive ins and Dines spray paint stencil on the wall.
I thought Curry Corner was fantastic. I ordered something like a vegetarian sampler platter, and it was so good, I ordered a second entree immediately after.

Unfortunately, I don't remember the names of what dishes I had. But it was stuff that I don't typically see on south Asian restaurant menus, so I get the impression it's fairly traditional / authentic stuff. Not just mainstream "Americanized Indian" food. (Not that there's anything wrong with that!)

I will say that my (meat-eating) companions were not as enthusiastic about their dishes, but that has more to do with the fact that they don't really like curries and south Asian food, and less to do with Curry Corner specifically.

Also, service was a little slow and not terribly friendly. Oh, and the faucet in the men's restroom was leaking so much it was basically just On. I mentioned it to the waitstaff, so hopefully it's fixed by the time I've posted this.
A small place, the food is great. The curry fries are fantastic and a must order!
The staff is friendly and the decor is very cozy in an authentic traditional way. 
I really enjoyed Curry Corner and will likely come back again
Seriously, am I missing something??? 

I seem to be the only person who has had better Indian food.  The fam and I decided to give this place a try, even though it is very far from home, but with a recommendation like DDD, what could go wrong?  Well, first off, it's a bit chaotic when you walk in.  No real system to be seated and the tables are weirdly situated.  Once we were seated we were rushed to order... thankfully we mostly knew what we wanted.

I tryed the marsala fries, which were BY FAR the best thing we ate.  Those, I must say are amazing.  I also had a bite of the samosas, which were ok... not really that favorful, and the chicken tikka masala.  Honestly, it was ok, but I've had better... even from Trader Joes.  We also had the goat... this too was ok... better than the masala, but so fatty it was hard to eat.

So, long story short... if you live near here then perhaps hit it up.  Otherwise, check out some Indian food closer to home... that is my recommendation.  You're welcome.
The first problem we had was upon entering the restaurant. All the seats are weirdly situated and there is no hostess or sign that says wait to be seated. All the tables and chairs were located either too close to a bathroom or too close to the kitchen since it is such a small place. The table configurations were also weird with one booth that had two tables. So imagine a normal booth and on each side there is one person and a table in between. Now imagine the same thing but with two tables in between making the distance between you and the other person twice as distant as before.

When I looked around the place it looked filthy and I did notice a fly that kept flying around, which is not something I want to see or deal with when I'm eating. The paint on the walls was brown which I can only imagine is there to hide the grime. I wonder when the last time was that the whole restaurant received a good cleaning. From the attitude of the waitress, I am doubt it has been recent. Additionally, the service station is visible and there was a tacky sign that said "EMPLOYEES ONLY" for the kitchen -- of course it is employee's only.

We had horrible service. Our waitress acted like she had somewhere better to be. She also ignored us when it came time to pay the check which we waited forever for. We tried to flag her down but she wouldn't look at us and literally walked out the front door -- doing who knows what -- only to return 15 minutes later!

I had the tandoori chicken. Overall the food was very bland; I wonder if there was salt and pepper used in the making of it. It all seemed pre-cooked. The sauce that it came with was okay. Parts of the rice seemed undercooked. It was like good rice mixed in with bad rice. The rice should be the same consistency throughout. When we got our coke it tasted like it had root beer in it. I wonder if that was because it literally had root beer in it or because the soda dispenser is not clean. 

My clothes smell like curry which I could overlook had the place been good.

To the owner or manager who has been replying on all the bad reviews: don't bother doing that on this one. Just take ownership of the criticism and fix the problems. Stop trying to live off your old successes of being on a television show; there are obvious problems with reoccurring themes which you should clearly be able to see from the amount of times you've had to comment on bad reviews. You really need to call Restaurant Impossible.
I can only comment on the service as I never got to order. I stood at the door and was ignored numerous times by people walking in and out of the kitchen. When I finally asked to be seated, it seemed like they were being bothered or surprised by my request. After I sat down wherever I wanted, it was quickly evident that I wouldnt be served any time soon, so I just left.
Good tikka masala fries. Had lamb curry and chicken Korma. Just ok. Pretty spicy and tasted the same. Probably won't come back. Really needed a refill on my soda and was never offered one. Waitress didn't hear my request in passing me.
I make a habit of visiting Food Network locations, and usually they are just as amazing as the show says...Curry Corner is just 'ok'.  I've had Indian/Pakistani food all over the country and this did not stand up to the hype on Food Network.  I've been there 3 times and have had the Chicken Tikka (featured), the Tikka Masala, and the Aloo Saag.  The Chicken Tikka was great, but the other two were the exact same dishes you'd find at any average Indian restaurant.  The food has also been luke-warm every single time, like it had been sitting for about 10 minutes before being brought out.  Food-wise this comes nowhere near the really good Indian places I've been...it's not bad, but not great either.

Now onto the service, which is where most of this review score comes from.  The customer service is TERRIBLE.  Everyone working there acts like they have no idea what's going on, like this is their first time in a restaurant and they don't know how it works.  My party of two had to wait for 15 minutes before being seated and there were only 2 other families in there.  They gave us literally 10 seconds to look at the menu before very briskly asking for our order, and then looking offended when we said we needed more time.  The food took WAY too long (and like I said felt like it had just been sitting), and the check took even longer.  We didn't have a consistent waiter, different people kept coming over to us and I really got the impression that they don't have any type of consistent system for waiting on their guests.  In general, everyone working there acts like they don't care that you came in and are deciding to spend your money there.  It makes me not want to come back.  CURRY CORNER: if you are reading this, go hire a consultant to come in and show you how to run a restaurant.  You really really need some help with this.

The restaurant itself is shabby and the tables and booths are arranged really awkwardly.  It's not particularly clean or festive looking and the fish tank is really really dirty.  I could see into the kitchen and that didn't look very clean either.  There is no music playing and it makes it way too quiet and awkward in there.  

Sadly, I don't agree with Guy Fieri on this one.  You can find better food and better service at other Indian spots in Phoenix.
After leaving the last review, the owner contacted me apologized and invited us to visit again. We have not go yet, but I will give a 5 start for their positive attitude  :-P I respect business owners that take their customer seriously.
Worst paneer tikka masala I have ever had. Had half of my food n left. Couldn't evn finish, it was that bad!!!  My friend ordered biriyani and Saag chicken it wasn't good either !! Oh and I forgot to mention the tikka masala was cold , uncooked , tasteless , salt less and very very watery !! Worst experience ! Nva coming back !!
I ordered curry and wasn't totally impressed, especially since this is the specialty.  Both of friends had excellent meals, but mine was just OK.  They did allow us to purchase beer (or wine) at the liquor store next door and bring it into the restaurant.  That is a rare privilege in Arizona.  I will go back and may even try a different type of curry.  The place was packed and everybody else seemed to be enjoying their meals.
The food, amazing, try the garlic Naan and if you are a meat eater the Tandori Grill sampler is amazing but I also love the curries as the sauce is amazing with the Naan and the price, extremely affordable - generally about $10 a person and you will leave full. I was actually recommended to try this out well before it was showcased on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. It is a culinary jewel right off of the light rail line.
Would love to give this place 5 stars but the service is just so bad here. However, the food is really great!! Our waiter though seemed to be taking care of everyone else but us. Keep in mind this place is very small and wasn't very busy so I don't see why we had to wait so long for any attention. Took about 15 minutes before anyone even said a word to us. Be warned you seat yourself when you come in here and drinks are self serve. Maybe if they had 1 or 2 more waiters working they would be able to handle the customer flow.
If I could customize my diet 85% of it would consist of naan bread and egg rolls.  The potato naan here is my manna. The other dishes are solid representations from the mystical sub continent.  I do wish the chicken used in their tika masala was less Gandhi and more meat.
Food was Ok.  Service was Ok. Our food came out at different times. Two dishes and naan... Then 10 min later the rice. Then five min later the other two dishes. The cheese cubes inside the paneer tikki masala was good, but the sauce initially tasted like speghetti sauce. The sauce looked different than the chicken tiki masala, which was spicier but tasty. The palak murg was devoid of any flavor but spiciness. Just mashed spinach in oil.
Chicken in the Tikka Massala was dark meat which I don't care for. It was a bit grissly. Taste was fair and naan was fair also
Love this place. Unfortunately I'm not in Tempe as often as I used to be so don't get to eat here as often as I'd like. The tikka masala fries are awesome as is pretty much everything I've tried from here. Its very well priced compared to some other Indian places I've eaten. I'm giving it 4 stars because I do think there is some room for improvement. For the price its great but I have had better Indian food. Definitely recommend trying it sometime.
They have a great variety of non-vegetarian food. But the vegetarian options aren't great. They use too much of color in the food! And the naan (bread) is always too hard.
I have eaten here many times, dining in and taking out. I come back for the food, but the service is driving me away. There has not been one time where they did not mess up the order, and the wait has always been trying.
Ok, it was almost  a year since I ate here with my wife but I finally signed up for a Yelp account, so here we go...I have been itching to write a review on this place because it is one of those experiences that had such highs and such lows that it kind of eats away at you.....

We are celebrity chef nerds, and try to eat at places that we see on DDD, Anthony Bourdain, etc.  Visiting from Vancouver, B.C., we were looking forward to this spot.  We come from a city that has one of the worlds best Indian chefs, Vikram Vij.  I also had many Indian neighbours growing up.  Finding tin foil packages on the door step, filled with home cooked Indian food is a treat for sure.  Needless to say, we are well versed in quality Indian/Pakistani food.  I even learned many recipes and cooking methods from our Indian neighbours over the years.  Ok enough back up...

I will try to make it short...

For the most part, the food was great.  The curries/sauces were very flavourful and authentic.  The service was ok.  The server we had was a bit on the lacking food knowledge side.  Or at least how to communicate it in English.  We ended up getting what we wanted, so all was good.  Luckily I can say a few cuisine related words in Indian to help him out.

The one thing that was a HUGE disappointment was the goat.  I LOVE goat.  I have had goat at Vij's that makes you wish you ate goat several times a week. Good goat should be fall off the bone, slightly gamey, and like the best pot roast you've ever had but bettter.  The goat here was so bad, I couldn't eat more than half of it.  It was so chewy and gristly that it was embarrassing.  This was the dish that was featured on DDD, and the reason I thought about this place for months???  There is no way a restaurant should ever put out an ingredient that is so far off from its acclaim.  It's maddening.  The curry/sauce was SO amazing that it made it even more maddening.  I ended up having sauce with naan as a meal.

I may visit here again, but I really hope they take their reputation seriously and not follow the few that suffer the fame-to-fail route.  The sounds from all the reviews since my visit here tells me they might very well be going down that path.  It is for this reason that I refuse to try Barrio Cafe... At least until the reviews paint a better picture.
After seeing it on tv we had to go try it. It was delicious. Everything was great. The chicken tandoori was perfect. I will be back and you should come try it !
I decided to try this place after searching for a good Indian place near me. There's quite a few options in Tempe, but since this place had good reviews I decided to give it a try.

Service was good and the prices were very good. I couldn't decide on what to get but the waitress suggested I try the Arabic Plate. It's not on the menu and has a few items on it. For $11 dollars its a lot of food. I opted for Garlic Naan with my dish. The Butter Chicken and Tikka Masala were delicious. The Hummus was good and the rice was tasty. The Garlic Naan was fresh and warm. 

The service was good and the food was tasty. I will be back.
This place comes highly recommended within my little group of friends but Overall wasn't super impressed.  I ordered the tika masala chicken & it was super good one on the best flavored masala sauces I have eaten anywhere.  If only everything on the menu was this good.

My husband ordered goat.    It was mostly grissle and bones.  the little bit of edible meat was dry and tasteless.  

Nann is also dry and tasteless.

Prices are expensive.  There is no buffet.  service is terrible (rude, sloppy, listless, and supper supper slow).
Pretty good.

+ Located in a strip mall next to a tattoo shop. Lots of parking, which is a plus.
+ Staff are friendly and restaurant is clean.
- Bathroom isn't so clean.
+ Food is good, and not spicy if you have a sensitive stomach. I think it could have used more of a kick, though, to be honest.
- Flavors are solid but maybe a little watered down. I'd have to try more dishes to really say for sure.
+ Chicken tikka masala is a safe way to go if you've never had Indian food.
+ Reasonable prices.

I'll be back.
Like the food here. It has that "home cooked.. by mom"  taste. Their non veg thali is the best and so is the biriyani. I gave a star less for this place for 2 reasons... they do not know how to season the food.. too little salt and the guys attending you could be rude and intimidating. They could learn how to treat customers well. But if you think only about food..its a good place.
It's good. Just one issue: seems dirty
This place has such delicious food and I have never had a bad experience there. The cheese naan is out of this world good - it is light and flavorful and just the right combination of crispy outside and soft inside. I love that there are so many meatless options. 

The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because every time I go, the water is constantly running in the women's bathroom. It never shuts off, and that bothers me. I hate wasting resources and for the water to ALWAYS run - that is a bit excessive to me  please fix your sink so I can update this review and change the rating to 5 stars!! Thank you!!
So we finally checked this place out based on Guy's recommendation on his show and I really just don't get it We ordered the garlic naan, rice biryani, chicken tikka masala and the chicken korma. The curries were both very thin and lacking the depth of flavors I am used to. The chicken korma really wasn't that good at all - the tikka masala was better but still not that great. I was really disappointed! The biryani was ok but lack luster. The best was the garlic naan probably. There are many other indian restaurants that are far supreme to this one (sorry to say). Although I am fine with dives, this place does need to work on its appearance inside. It just seemed not clean. Not going back. Sorry...
Came here late at night after a road trip near closing time - the staff was very accommodating and allowed us to dine in even though they were doing take=out only at that point.

The mango lassi was excellent - a little bit on the sweet side (I usually like it a little tart), but tasted like it was made from real mangoes rather than the prepackaged stuff. The chicken boti was some of the best I've tasted - the meat was juicy and fully flavored, and the spiced onions complement it nicely.

Though the atmosphere seems like it's geared towards the college crowd from nearby ASU, Curry Corner is a great place to get a nice filling meal, and I'd definitely consider coming back if I'm in town again.
This restaurant has average Indian food but the reason why it gets 2 stars is because of thier horrible customer service. Forgetting drinks, naan, and rice. Only bringing them after the meal was finished.
Tasty authentic Turkish food. Love it!
They have a wide variety of kebabs and great service.
This restaurant was an amazing find! The food is a little pricey but well worth it! The dana sis was amazing, the meat was incredibly tender and my companion was pleased to find a restaurant serving iskender kebab!
This place was awesome!  The service was very friendly, the meat was tender, and everything was delicious.  I hope this restaurant can survive!
This place has perfectly cooked kebabs.  I ordered the Urfa Kebap.  It was delicious. The side dishes were excellent.   We tried a couple of the appetizers (Turkish Kitchen Special and the Hummus) and they were both  great compliments to our meal.

The bread that comes with your meal is expertly crafted.  It was freshly made and it was crunchy, soft in the middle, and slightly charred at the same time.  It gives Snapple a run for the claim of being the "Best stuff on Earth."

The portions were generous.  You're not going to leave this place unsatisfied.  

The people that run it are friendly.  When you taste their food, you'll know that they really know what their doing back there in the kitchen.

I will be back to this place soon.  

Give it a try!
Wow.  Ate lunch here today with my sister.  We shared the turkish special appetizer, the iskender kebap,  and my sister had the lentil soup.   All were fresh and beautifully seasoned.  The  bread here alone  is worth a visit.  Large portions, and great for sharing so you can try different things.  Great service and friendly.   Waitress brought us baklava and Turkish tea to try.  Best baklava I have had.   Will be back to this place soon
Menu is very simple( not many options), but food is GREAT! We all love it. Definitely recommend it.
Came here on a long lunch break.  Three out of the three Turks with us agreed that Turkish Kitchen is the most authentic Turkish restaurant in the greater Phoenix area.  One had said Arizona, but admitted that he hadn't really visited every Turkish restaurant in this great state.  After eating some types of Asian food, Turkey is mostly in Asia if you didn't know, I am usually hungry after a few hours.  This is especially true with Chinese food, some Japanese food, but not Thai food.  Thais doesn't hold back on the coconut milk.  Having ordered iskender kebab, I experienced much the opposite.  The dish is serve hot with the kebab meat (beef, lamb, both - who knows?) served above pide bread soaking in yogurt, tomato sauce, and the kebab meat juices.  There are no sticks; order a different kebab if you must eat you're your meat on a stick.  Naturally, I ordered the large portion and never looked back.  In fact, I couldn't help myself and felt rather good after finishing my rather large lunch.  So I ordered revani, baked dessert bread infused with syrup.  And did I mention the appetizers: acili ezme (a symphony of blended summer vegetables drizzled with olive oil and finished with herbs and spices), patlican soslu (the eggplant version of acili ezme), and our meals came with some kind of side sauce that defies description because I'm not sure which one it is on the online menu.  On the other hand, I only had water because I'm watching my weight and avoiding soft drinks.  After lunch, we drove back to work, and I tried to remember all the things I was supposed to be doing.  After about an hour or so, I started to feel really full, and that I should stop eating, except, I had stopped about an hour ago.  After another hour, I was ready for a long nap.  A few more hours later, I rolled myself into my car and drove home.
This is by far, one of the best if not the best Turkish Food we have eaten! After living in Turkey and going there every year for past 27 years, needless to say I have eaten a lot of Turkish food.  The food here athe the Turkish Kitchen is exceptional.  The spices are just right and every dish was absolutely delicious. I had several mezes, soup and the Adana and my husband had the Iskender  The portions were generous and the prices were very reasonable for the quality of food. The bread which we learned you can purchase was a special treat as we were only able to get that during Ramadan in the past.  Went there yesterday and will be going again tomorrow to try other dishes.  The staff was very friendly and service was great.  Not only happy to see authentic Turkish food in Arizona, but some of the best tasting Turkish Food I have ever eaten.
We traveled from Anthem to find this little Turkish heaven.  The drive was worth it. 
Loved everything about this place from the service to the food! Definitely be back.
Simply divine.  Best bread in the valley.  The kebab is lean and high quality - superbly prepared - and everything on the menu is delicious.  But nothing beats the service here.  Treated like royalty with a feast fit for a king.  We love Turkish Kitchen!!
Probably closer to 4.5 than 4.

Very good Turkish food.  Bread is VERY good. Not overly expensive.

Web site could stand to be updated with actual address/location of the restaurant.
Turkish Kitchen was absolutely terrific. Clean, cute, friendly staff. The bread was some of the best we have ever had and the complimentary dip was really tasty. We tried the Adana Kebab and Iskender Kebab for our entrees and both were excellent. I can't wait to return and try some more items.
Great food, friendly staff and great price.  I lived in Turkey for a year and this IS authentic Turkish food.  We drive up from Tuscon to eat at this restaurant.
Turkish Kitchen has great Mediterranean food!! First they brought their house bread with a sauce that was just delicious!! Second we had the hummus and it was excellent!! We ordered the Urfa Kebap & Adana Kebap, and they were just outstanding! The entree came with rice and veggies that were just very tasty!! The service was very attentive and friendly!! Definitely be back soon!
What a treasure for Phoenix. This place has really tasty food and unbeatable service. Oskar was one of the best servers we've had in years. I hope many people who are unfamiliar with Turkish food will give this a shot and see what they've been missing!
Turkish Kitchen is one of my top 3 favorite restaurants in the East Valley ;) They serve genuine Turkish food - and I LOVE Turkish food ;) When you walk in they give you still oven-hot pita/naan bread with delicious dipping sauce.
Dinner portions are large, and very tasty. I always order chicken kebap dinner and Turkish KItchen special appetizer (which I use as a second delicious dipping sauce with the refillable bread). Prices are good too! :) :) :) I recommend this place to everyone (you don't have to be adventurous to try it - Turkish food is "safe" meaning healthy and delicious).

Like someone mentioned, their menu selection is not too versatile, but I think they are  a still relatively new business.  I have a feeling this will change as more people try the restaurant and start coming back for more ;) What they have on the menu is definitely enough for you to enjoy an excellent meal! :) 

Overall, if you haven't been, you must try it!
Very good food. Had the Iskender Doner which was really good but the best dish I had was accident. My wife ordered a vegetarian dish that they did not have enough of so they added some Pirasa with it. Wow. Amazing stuff.
Really awesome food! Great service and friendly knowledgable server! Ask for Oskar! Full of passion, he made the meal and evening a pleasure!
Turkish food coma! Love this place- authentic Turkish food and excellent service!  I lived in Istanbul Turkey for a year so when I found Turkish Kitchen on yelp I had to try it!   The food is authentic and sooooo yummy!  Perfect  pide (bread) and hummus.   I had my fav dish Iskender and it was perfect!    We will be back!!!!
This place is utterly fantastic! I had been missing good Turkish food since Efe's closed, and then I found the Turkish Kitchen which is owned by the original owner of Efe's. I agree with previous reviewers --- the bread is fabulous. All of the grilled meats, especially the ground lamb dishes, are tasty and flavorful, and everything is arranged nicely on the plates. The option of having bulgur wheat instead of rice is a bonus. Highly recommended!
We used to go to Efes Restaurant in Tempe before it closed.  When we learned that the former owner of Efes had now opened a restaurant in Chandler, we just had to check it out.

Although not decorated like Efes used to be, the Turkish Kitchen restaurant was clean and neat, with plenty of seating in booths or at tables.  Some areas near the back of the restaurant (hallway leading to restrooms & storage areas) could definitely use some TLC, as they appear pretty worn, scuffed and in need of painting.

The food was every bit as good as we hoped.  We started with the Coban Salata, in addition to the wonderful fresh bread.  For our main course, we ordered Iskender Kebab and Adana Kebab.  The portions were ample and there were two meal sizes available, depending upon your appetite.  The meals were presented very nicely and were delicious.  Service was prompt and attentive, and our server (Oscar) was very friendly and justifiably proud of the restaurant and its food.

Overall, I'm glad we tried Turkish Kitchen and would recommend it as quite authentic.  I would say my overall rating is between 3.5 and 4, with the only shortcoming being the lack of more interesting decor.
No surprise this place has an average of five stars, it is great.  All though the menu is small, or perhaps because of this, every thing is great.  My favorite is the Doner Kebap.  It is lightly seasoned letting the rotisserie flavor come through, meat on a spit is a thing of beauty.  They give you the option for bulgar wheat as well as rice, which is nice because it is a healthier option.  The free bread that they give you has a nice flavor as well.  It has a thin crust and is soft of the inside and perfect for scooping up their humus, which is the best humus I have found in the valley so far.  It is super creamy and wonderful.  Their humus and bread could be my favorite part.
Been here multiple times, food is top notch, breads are fresh, and flavor is authentic. Service can be a little slow at times, but that can happen to any small place. Prices are great for the quality. Meats are amazingly juicy and full of flavor. Can't ask for any better food. Come here now if you haven't yet.
I have been a few times with my Turkish roommate.. We love it! Food is heavenly. And to COUNTERACT the review below about waitress Desiree, she is sweet, attentive, social & knowledgable about the food. She & Oscar (other waiter) are half the reason we like this place so much. We are still talking about how great they are 30min after we have left.. Promise you, you'll walk away fat & happy!
The food and service was awesome!!! Our waitress was Desiree. Being our first time here, we took her recommendations. Excellent choices. The hummus was smooth, creamy, and flavored just right. Best ever! The bread is homemade and perfect alone or with the hummus. The Dana Sis (grilled lamb cubes, rice, and vegetables) was something I'd recommend. The lamb cubes were generously sized, seasoned and grill perfectly. Moist and packed with flavor...not gamey. Went perfectly with the seasoned rice and shredded veggies. Portion was large enough for two. They have several deserts. We got the baklava. They had several kinds. We got two of the four choices. Definitely made with butter and so good. Not overly sweet. Went perfect with their Turkish tea. Every dish seemed to have a secret ingredient..I know because I asked. The service was timely, friendly, and educational. It  was an excellent first time experience.  Never been to Turkey, but I know I'll love the food and people. Price was reasonable. With the food portions so large and delicious I don't know how all the staff stay so slim.
I'm definitely glad I visited this place. Thank you Yelp! Our waitress Tuti is the sweetest, most helpful waitress ever. This is my first experience with Turkish food and I must admit, per Tuti's recommendations on food choices, it was absolutely amazing. They definitely bring what may seem like ordinary food to an entire new level. The hummus is creamy and extremely flavorful along with warm toasted pide. We had the dana kebabs and each piece of meat was cooked to such perfection, paired so well with the rice and vegetables that you could literally taste the chef's love for food and cooking. To finish off our dinner on the wonderful note, we had one of each of the baklavas with Turkish tea. This was definitely an experience! Excellent food, excellent service, excellent price. Fantastic job. We will definitely see you soon Tuti!
Yummy!! As everyone else here has appropriately pointed out, try the hummus. It's made with milk so it's really deliciously creamy. It, along with the bread, are made completely by hand.
It brought back memories of Turkey when we ate there.  We took our son and daughter in law to celebrate their anniversary and we all loved it.  We used to love Efes, too, and were sad to see it close.  Loved our kababs, pide, salads, and rice pudding.  I would recommend it to everyone.
Although there are few good Middle Eastern restaurants in Phoenix and I have been trying since 2005 when visiting from California which I normally rate them 3-4.5 stars, until I tried this "Turkish Kitchen" which is hard to beat.  Let me start with the incredible bread came with "Acili Ezme"(.. vibrantly red Turkish chopped vegetable dip creased with rivulets of olive oil and jolted with hot pepper paste..)  And Lamb Kabob was tender and delicious... + Tudi and other servers where checking every few mins, great service over all.  Don't expect to be fancy, restaurant has casual sitting arrangements.  But service, quality of food and taste compensate for everything else...I would definitely try this place during future visit to Phoenix.
Great food. I had the lamb Adana Kebap and my husband had the Ishkender Kebap his was excellent. Service was friendly and we look forward to returning.
OsKar with a "K" was our server and was super prompt with all of our orders and had a nice personality.  This place is casual and could use a lot more in the decoration department, but the food is what's more important and the food..... was GOOD!!! So fresh, healthy, just plain YUMM... My cousin eats here on the reg and had been trying to get me to try this place for the longest time.  I think I tried everything on the menu!! got some sesame bread and eggplant dipping sauce (it looked gross but tasted good so try it!!).  Tried the lentil soup, some cucumber-red onion-tomato salad (amazing), and a lamb dish with delicious white rice.  It's sad how i actually used to LIVE in Ankara, Turkey and my memory of the dishes left me!! Glad we finally went because places like this are far and few. It's right by a tattoo parlor and old bar but I don't see this all deterring diners.  Also- it has an "A" grade posted in case you are curious.  Go here and enjoy!!
Maybe Turkish food just not my cup of tea, we tried and its okay. Pita bread was fresh and hot but the taste did not impress me. The lack of sauce dishes felt little dry and boring to me. Don't get me wrong, you might find their food is delicious. But our first visit probably our last as well.
We have driven by many a times & always wanted to try this place. We were fans of Efes in Tempe and were sooooo sad when they closed... and quietly hoping Turkish Kitchen would be the new spot. My review will tell otherwise. The food was average. The Iskender Kebap was very good in flavor, my husband didn't like the presentation, it didn't bother me & it was yummy. The Mantar (mushroom dish) was not good, it tasted like a pizza topping, more Italian than Turkish. But in fairness they were out of mushrooms & sent someone to get more while we waited. They excused the delay but insured the freshness, and that was fine with us. Unfortunately, the "freshness" took away from the dish. It was supposed to be stewed but it came out lacking any mushroom flavor because the mushrooms were just cut & not cooked very long, so it was tomato-y, oil-y, and herb-y, NOT mushroom-y like I was excited for. I would have rather them say they didn't have it & apologize than lower their standard of delivery. But they were very nice & we appreciated the kindness & caring for our satisfaction. Also, like many places, the iced tea had turned. I am not a big fan of bad iced tea, only because it is so cheap & not that hard to make fresh iced tea, to me there is no excuse. The humus was great & the bread was also great! We are definitely fans of Turkish cuisine & so we will give them another try & are hoping for their future success. I was torn to give this so-so review (my husband said I shouldn't) but that is the beauty of Yelp & I am here to give my honest opinion. With all the other reviews, I'm sure this 31/2 star won't hurt them too much & I will look forward to updating at a later date.
Unfortunately this place has shut down for good and i'm not exactly sure why. Could it be for health code reasons just like EFS was shut down? If anyone knows please chime in.
Location at Arizona and Warner is closed and already changed names. Was a great treat, but we found it only a week before it closed... Bummer.
I love their Iskandeer Kebap! Their humus is really good too! The first time I went there, they had run out of the hummus appetizer, and Oskar recommended the Turkish kitchen special (has eggplant in it). I was a little hesitant since I don't really like eggplant, but I'm so glad he talked us into to it! It was delicious w/their fresh bread.

They closed shortly after my visit- I hope they pop up again in- maybe in a better location?
Great food and service.  Give it a try for something different.  We will be visiting them time and time again
Alhamdulillah. We found another HALAL Market for Muslims. Its near to my home hence its better. Cool owners. I wish they have Beef lungs here but nope. Someday they will I guess.
People are friendly & helpful, Especially Shukri, Good Job ;-)
Great service and prices!!
Delicious food, Nice combination of Mediterranean, Indian /Pakistani Food. Low prices, clean restaurant and good customer service.
The chicken seekh kabob is very moist, tender and absolutely delicious. The mint chutney is very rich and flavorful. I also tried the chicken karahi which is so yummy. The prize is very cheap and reasonable. Plus, the staff is friendly!
so nice.........halal food on the strip.........un believable...specially their chicken carrahi is awesome
My husband and I split a #7 combo (both beef) and dined in. We had our 1 year old with us, and no high chair was in sight. I even asked the lady who was cleaning up the dining area, and she said 'one minute' and then never did anything. So, we had a 1 year old boy trying to walk around, climb down from the booth, etc. I was less than pleased..

The guy at the front counter who took our order and brought us our food was kind. Our kabobs were a good size and came with a side salad, rice, and bread. Everything was pretty tasty. The bread was super hot and fresh. He also gave us a bottle of this green, slightly spicy sauce with our food which was awesome.

I gave 3 stars because I was so annoyed over the fact that they blatantly disregarded our need for a high chair. Even if they didn't have one, a staff member could have at least let us know. And it's a little pricey for the amount of food you get.
Kabob N More is a casual restaurant that serves fresh, made to order Indian and Pakastani food for reasonable prices (meals starting at $6.99). The meat is halal for those that have dietary restrictions.  One of the owners told me the restaurant has only been open 4mos.

I ordered a very tasty Chana ki Daal, which is a vegetarian curry stew made with garbanzo-like beans.  I ordered it with rice and naan and it also came with a small salad and raita (yogurt sauce).  The serving was huge and could've fed two people.  The salad didn't have much dressing or lemon juice so I just added the raita to it and that did the trick.

Overall, I was really happy to have found this place.  I was also happy to see they had a sink in the eating area to wash your hands.  It must seem weird to some but I often hate having to go to a dirty restroom to wash my hands, especially for food that is usually eaten with your hands.  And, just to be complete, here are a couple of downsides of this place:
1) there was a TV or stereo in each room that was playing it's own music, so that was a bit distracting
2) the interior looked a bit plain and unfinished in the decor but the place is still new so I imagine this is only temporary
3) the food is served on styrofoam, it would be nice if they used something more earth-friendly
Not a bad place. The food serving size is average. I got a seekh kebab and a beef kebab (something like boti or tikka?). Both were flavorful but not much food, for $12.99. I guess its expensive because it is halal, but that does not mean anything to me. I can't give more than 2 stars because it is not a great value; the service is just OK, my order came out wrong the first time around so I was annoyed because I was hungry and it took over 15 mins.; AND the food is too spicy. I love spicy food. I know I can take a lot of heat, and know enough about Scoville units. This place, while the food is flavorful with exotic tastes and spices, makes their food too spicy to be beyond what normal people expect. I can give 3 stars but that would mean I am saying it is good and just right. The food is good and flavorful, BUT too spicy, so in good conscience I cannot give it a 3 star rating and then people will think it's great then get their tongues burned. AND they refill drinks for a buck more, and no water offered.
This place was horrid. The two guys were arguing with one another as we walked in, thus ignoring us for a while. There was tons of dirt and trash under the tables that one of the employees began sweeping everywhere. I can't believe this all happened. Never again for me.
This place is the worst place I have been to in a while. It seems like the guy that was handling cash was trying to make money off of us for every little thing. The signs all on the strip and everywhere in the front clearly has a meal that includes rice and salad in the picture for 6.99 but the guy said that they don't do that any more. And on top of the that they added an extra dollar charge inside. So why do you guys still have the sign up?! The meals on the menu have "all the kabobs come with sides" and yet the guy wants to charge us more for sides. They have a outdated menu which they do not honor. The customer service is horrible. It's pretty much no service or the bare minimum to get the customers money. I do no recommend coming to this place at all.
Where to begin... I am a long time yelp user, but I have never written a review before now. This place is so bad that I had to sign up just so I can give it one star. I wish I could give it zero.

It took almost an hr to get the food and although they say it's made fresh, it was definitely not worth the hr wait. The cashier guy even tried to rip us off by adding extra charges for items that are advertised on their menu to come with the dish. when confronted he just quickly gave us $1 (suppose to be $1.49) to shut us up and had the audacity to expect a tip. Very poor customer service and food was below average and highly overpriced.

The rant could continue, but I'll leave it with this warning: the taco place next door is amazing, and even though the line is intimidating GO THERE. AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS
If you want to meet a rude cashier n  staff go visit this place.  food is very lame n tasteless .
Really yummy kebab. Really nice people and great service. It was a nice place to sit after a long morning at the Las Vegas convention center. Only a 15 minute walk each away from the convention center or a five dollar cab ride.
This is the worst restaurant I have EVER been to. I would give it negative stars if it was possible. Very unprofessional, food was horrible, and overall experience was horrible. I would avoid this place at all costs. I would eat dirt before I eat at this place again.
Excellent food, reasonable price, quick service, neat and clean, and its HALAL. What else you want.
Owner very friendly.
food very good and not expensive, I tried their chicken pizza and the dough was just amazing.
I will definitely come back again and will recommend this place.
Worst food ever!!! The service is terrible and the food is awful!!
We ordered the beef kebab and what we got was a dry too salty beef, 2 spoon of dry and old rice and 3 leaf of salad.  
Worst middle eastern food I ever got!
BAD SERVICE. Is it possible to give negative stars? My family and I came in for lunch and the owner was very rude. When I asked a question about the menu, he had a bad attitude. He raised his voice at me when I told him I didnt receive the plate of rice I ordered. The food was not good We ordered pizza, kabobs, salad, chicken tikka masala. And another chicken dish. No one like their food. I would never come back here again and hope I  can save someone  from a horrible experience. Go somewhere else!
We were walking back to the hotel and decided just to stop and try some place.  This is a small restaurant.  There were a few people in there so we decided to try it.  We ended up ordering a chicken pizza, go figure.  It took almost 30 minutes!!  The pizza turned out to be ok.  The owner/person at the cash register was really rude though.  He didn't seem to care and was like he was bothered that we couldn't decide what we wanted.  I didn't try any of the other food, we ended up taking the pizza to go.  The food wasn't that great where I would put up with the owner's rudeness.  I would rather give my money to someone who actually wants my business
Awesome food!!! Great service! Would totally recommend this place to anyone who likes to try different cuisines. The tomyum soup... Coconut flavor was yum..I was kinda skeptical about trying it at first but then since the owner really recommended it i gave it a shot and I'm glad I did. Chicken satay and garlic pepper chicken , pad kee mao were delicious!!!
This is as authentic as gets!! Amazing authentic food with excellent flavor! I stayed in Vegas for almost 6 nights and we ate at this spot 4 times. I was skeptical at first due to their outdated decor (which they are planning to change), but as soon as i tried their chicken wings, I was sold!! I tried their chicken wings, both beef appetizers, 3 chicken entrees (I can not recall their names), 3 beef entrees including beef mongolian which was amazingggg, pad thai (best I ever had) and mega fried rice and basil fried rice which were some of the best rice entrees I've ever had and finally mango sticky rice and roti dessert!

This place has only been open for about 2 months and it's the most authentic thai cuisine I've ever tried. The chef has over 20 years of experience working in a sushi kitchen and she does an amazing job combining both her japanese and thai background!!

Can not wait to visit this place again!
I heard about this Halal Thai Restaurant from a gd friend of mine Jihan.  We were there last weekend for lunch. Mum had the best time of her life eating halal dishes. Finally, halal thai food. We were very happy with the taste,  the ambience,  the server Mariam & Chef Sakina. Alhamdullilah. Thank you. We will be back soon. Check out the photos I posted on yelp. Enjoy. :-)
This place has amazing food. Good customer service, tasty food and reasonable prices.
This is another low rent, mom and pop type restaurant that we frequented on this trip.  Shortly after settling in I managed to spill an entire glass of water all over both the table and my wife.   After being relocated to another table, she cuffed my right hand to the side of my chair.  We then shared orders of rad nah (flat noodles with chicken) and pad ka pow (spicy chicken with basil),    Both dishes were pretty authentic, fresh and very satisfying. 

A 3.5 rating would be more appropriate.
My wife and I were visiting Las Vegas for 4 days and we discovered Sakina Thai Cousine on our second day there. We liked it so much that we ate there everyday for the rest of our stay. We tried different kinds of curries, tom yum soup, fish cakes, house salad, spring roll and stir fry. We loved it all and already miss this place! It's also very clean and has a place to offer the most delicious food. The staff is very friendly and greets everyone with "Salamu Alaykum"! I wish they would open a franchise in my town
One word.. Excellent!!!! Everything freshly prepared, authentic, and very tasty! One of the absolute best Thai food I've had here in the US and it's Halal which makes it even better :) this is truly a don't miss restaurant!!
This new Thai restaurant replaced the Mega Ramen restaurant that was there before, and I do believe this is an improvement!  The inside is much more open and finely decorated.  The service was experienced, nice, and attentive.  The server obviously cared what I thought about the food, which is always a good sign.  I ordered the fried calamari and the Pad Ga Pow (might be spelled differently on the menu) with beef.  Interestingly enough they do not serve pork here!  

The calamari was quite nice.  It came with about half tempura squid and half tempura veggies.  If you can forgive the veggies and don't mind eating a little healthier, I would recommend this dish.  The batter was very, very light perhaps one of the lightest I have had, but had enough flavor to keep it interesting.  They use the typical Thai style sweet and sour sauce, clear and pinkish red in color, not too sweet, and with light tasting chili flakes.  

The Ga Pow was very unique and surprising.  I haven't had this dish prepared in this style before.  The waitress informed me that it is more of a Southern style Thai restaurant.  The meat was very lean and finely minced.  At first I thought it was hamburger by the look, but I was definitely mistaken when I tasted it.  It was very light and almost fluffy.  No feeling of extra grease or fat.  The veggies (onions, bell peppers, etc) were well prepared and fresh tasting.  On top of jasmine rice, it was a very light version of the dish.  One thing to note here is that this place is quite a bit hotter than most Thai restaurants.  The waitress warned me that my 3/5 was VERY hot.  The spice level did not disappoint, and I quite enjoyed the heat level balanced with the lighter flavors.  The dish was not sweet at all, which deviates from the typical version of this dish you find in Vegas.  Very light on the palate and the stomach.  The one criticism I might have is that it also wasn't very complex (no or very little basil, mint, etc), but as simple as the flavors were they worked very well.  

I am very curious about the style of this Thai cooking.  I most certainly will be back to try some of the other dishes like the curries and noodle dishes.  Their motto is no sweetness, and I like that in a Thai restaurant.  Sakina is a fantastic and unique addition to the Thai food scene in Las Vegas, and in my opinion a must try for Thai food lovers!
It's very nice mom and pop resturant where I believe the whole family is doing something. Nicest thing about this Resturant is taste, it is not commercial. Somehow all the dishes have their own authentic taste. It could be that's the way it's made in Thai homes. Loved it and will be back again.
I usually make point too try someplace new every week. Sakina was one had on bookmarked. My first impression was very interesting feel too it. I never been too whatever the place was before but walking in could tell that definitely something different. It pretty decent size compare too the front entrance thinking too myself this place is tiny. The waiter she was fabulous greeted me warm welcome and since lunch not very packed she like pick anywhere too sit. The menu is fairly simple with most staple Thai dishes find at most other Thai restaurants. I wanted too try couple things so started with the gyoza but this one was all vegetables no pork in the filling. Interesting. The filling definitely not as hearty and maybe use too gyoza traditional sense only way with pork felt like filled with air. The dipping sauce was nice. The way they steamed then seared the gyoza was on point. Just not that much fan of the filling but think great option if vegan. My entree went with the Spicy Basil Fried Rice. Sakina spicy rating they go only from 1-5. So being first time not sure played it safe went with 2. I wish went higher because 2 felt like bland and thinking Spicy Basil Friend Rice no kick factor. I know next time go higher and for all spicy fans not sure where 5 is compare too other Thai restaurants go 1-10. I enjoyed the mixture of vegetables in the fried rice, the sauce that fried rice cooked in (my own fault should have went 3 or 4) solid, and fried rice could eat everyday. I plan on coming back trying more dishes. Overall honest nothing that can rave about or compare too my favorites Archi or Pan Asian. I only had two dishes. For sure plan on going back and trying more dishes but till then just think good Thai food.
If your looking for a great meal come here but if your in a rush don't waste your time . Yellow chicken curry & cucumber salad was amazing I'm very happy. All the food tasted fresh I will come back. However they should look into hiring quicker servers
Awesome restaurant I would recommend it for people who like exploring new foods.
The service was as well incredible
Having grown up in Thailand, I am familiar with Thai food.  The Som Tam (papaya salad) was the best I have ever had - no kidding! The Pad Kee Mao with tofu was also delicious. The service was quick and the owner is extremely friendly.  If I am in Vegas again, I will certainly be making a return trip to Sakina.
Hidden Gem
Love all their dishes and prices.
Best food I had in las Vegas. Food is great and not pricy. More over restrooms are super clean. Owner is really kind
Great service, great food, great people. Also halal options. Excellent thai food. If you are in Vegas  good place to eat.
Honestly, best damn Thai place I have ever had!!! Amazing service and super awesome food!!! The owner personally came out to make sure out food was perfect! 

At another table someone had mentioned the food was spicy even after requesting non-spicy and I heard the waitress offering to take the plate back and redo. 

We went on a Tuesday night having yelped it and thought the portions would be small but for a family of 4 adults it was more than enough. I would literally cross the California/Nevada border just to go get some of this damn great flavorful food!

Great presentation, clean, nothing bad to say! Can't say roundhouse good things. Affordable! $8.95 per a la cart menu. $49 for family of 4
Excellent food, service, and nice clean decor, greatly enjoyed the meal. I can't recommend this place enough. I like hot, can't do true Thai heat, but a 2 out of 5 was nicely hot. Another dish was a 1 out of 5 and it was perfect, if you are non-Thai go low on the heat scale and you will be happy.
The crab Rangoon was more crabby than sour cream, very delicious. The Spicy Catfish salad was delicious, the combination of crunch, sweet, sour, was perfect.
Give this place a try!
Randy
Hell yes!  We loved our dinners and look forward to eating here often in the future.  Glad the decor isn't bleach boring strip mall, and although it's lacking much style, it's comfortable enough to sit with friends and chat the night away.  Friendly service.  Large portions, great for sharing and mixing.

Spicy Basil Fried Rice, Seafood Combo -- Our favorite!  We stayed safe with Spice Level 1 after overhearing another table complain they ordered too hot.  Glad we scaled back; the 1 was perfect.  A little tingle but no pain, and tons of flavor with the herbs and crunchy veg.  Good seafood mix, giant muscles and grilled shrimp, so-so squid.

Yakisoba, Meat Combo -- Pleasantly sweet noodles with lots of veg and meat.  Skip the plain (but moist) thin strips of beef and chicken, just go all shrimp, baby.  I wish there was more cabbage.  (Good line for my tombstone, gotta remember that one.)

Crispy Catfish Salad -- Bizarre at first, since the fish is minced super fine, then fried to an indiscernible crisp ... so we just saw a blanket of brown crunchies and were confused where the "fish" went.  But after the lovely server explained it's a different style, we mixed it in with a green apple salad and our faces basically exploded with tart, sweet, spicy crunch.  In fact, we kept spooning the mixture over everything else we ate, because it had a crunch that could not be stopped.  I wouldn't be satisfied with just this plate for dinner, but it's an excellent sharing dish for punching up everything else.

Crab Rangoon -- Unlike any I've had, rolled long and thin in spring roll wrappers.

I'm diggin how this place comes at my usual orders with a different angle.  I also appreciate the Chinese options on the menu, since our group doesn't all love Thai, so everyone leaves happy and stuffed.

Also in love with their roti, since I haven't found roti this good since Flat Top Grille in Chicago.  Shame it's $2.50 each, but I will order saucy things just to have something to dip in these slices of heaven.

If you're a texture-based eater like me, this place is a playground.  :-)

Wish List: Would love to see fountain soda instead of cans.
Visiting town and I came across this little gem. I'm from the San Francisco bay area where we have great thai food. My expectations were very high and Sakina Thai definitely met up to those expectations.

Me and my wife ordered:
Satay Chicken - 5/5
Pad Ze Ew - 5/5
Basil Fried Rice - 5/5
Orange Chicken - 5/5
Mongolian Beef - 3/5

Yes 2 people ordered all that food. The Basil fried rice is a must here! Mongolian Beef was a little overcooked and dry but I still gave this place 5 stars because the owner and chef Sakina is super sweet. My only word of advice is to check water levels. The misses water glass was empty for a long time before waitress refilled it.

I have a stomach cramp from all the food I ate but it's a happy cramp. Go to Sakina; you won't be disappointed!
Went back for lunch, had the Panag Curry combo (shrimp, chicken, beef) spice level 1, absolutely delicious!
Also had the Roti bread, well worth the extra cost, DELICIOUS with the curry, I could eat it all day.
The curry has a great depth of flavor. The shrimp marinated in the curry is SOOOO good.
I love this place.
Had the best meal here we've had in ages! Everything we ordered just tasted delicious! And we all are picky people to please.

Ordered: 

Chicken satay - delicious peanut sauce to dip in!!

Thai iced tea - always tasty

Chicken basil fried rice - awesome! Highly recommend. 

Panang beef curry - very tasty and flavorful. Creamy and compliments the white rice well.

Pad kee mao with chicken - like drunken noodles - great flavor

Orange chicken - I got this bc I loveeee sesame chicken and this is the closest Thai version of that. It was realllly good. 

I'm well versed in spicy dishes as a desi and the waitress, super friendly and nice staff btw, gave us a spice scale of 1-5. We picked 3 for everything and found it spicier than we anticipated so might go for a 2 next time. 

Overall, will definitely be going again! Great staff, fast service, awesome food. 2 thumbs up.
I love thai food but i would not come back again. The food is too sweet and the taste is not that good as the reviews are showing. The only dish i liked is chicken satay
I am an out of town dad with my daughter at a soccer tournament. This is a strip mall location and has no liquor license but the food was exceptional and the service was terrific. I would never have found it without yelp and I am glad I did.
Worth coming to Vegas for ! Enough said ..
Chicken satay- 5 pieces with a amazing peanut Sauce and cucumber salad
Basil fried rice with chicken - matches expectations set by other reviewers
Pad phing king with beef- succulent soft beef with beans 
Fried banana with ice cream- best I have had in a long long time
Love this little place! Love the chicken satay!! Also the milk tea!! Plus, it's HALAL!!!!
tired of burgers and kabobs ? Go there even if you dont have to eat halal food ! portions are great, service is great and the food is delicious !
Would have given 5 stars, except the service at first wasn't the best. It took about 10 min before the waitress came to the table to say hi or even take our drink order. Aside from that, the food came out quickly and deliciously.  We ordered several different plates so we could sample everything.  Got the tom kha kai (level 3 spice) it was amazing. Next time i will have to try a level 5. The spicy basil fried rice was delicious as well as the yellow curry. Will definitely be back soon especially since its right up the street from my house. Glad i found this on yelp!!!
Great food and service!!!
The service was absolutely the best. Our waitress was very personable, warm and welcoming.  Our food was perfect.  Usually I've had to either add soy sauce or add spices to whatever I order at a Thai restaurant, but the chef and owner here knows exactly how to make a dish thats right on the money.  Definitely a restaurant I will return to in the near future.
I have had a lot of thai food but this place is just simply , superb service amazing  food, we ordered beef jerky crab rangoon pad ke maow etc and it was all to the point great food, I thought they will be like other Thai places where you order number 5 spicy and it will turn out sweet not the case here, 5 means 5 here and they use capsicum seeds to make it spicy so don't try to be adventurous , whenever ill be back in Vegas ill be back here 
Thanks